"Well paid, good benefits package for insurance. Little vacation time, sick leave is included in vacation time. Hard to accrue any down time, when you have to use annual vacation, to go see a doctor. I suggest not hiring military retirees, for management positions, unless they have been away from the military for at least 18months."
"Some what high pay you are a number they don't care about you, they will lie to your face about work load Be more loyal to your employees"
"Good benefit system, supportive and attentive management. 
Exposure to some of the worlds most complex engineering projects. Lack of challenging project in terms of design. "
Excellentplace to work with lots of room for upward mobility if your willing to put the effort in. Large company so it’s easy to get lost in a crowd 
"Challenging, working with veterans, extreme growth Stubborn leaders not adaptable to change when extreme growth is happening that requires it Invest in programs/automation to help facilitate growth. Value all employees and not just the ones on contract."
"Working as a contractor at Ames, ability to learn at a great facility Not a lot of interaction with Jacobs as a company "
This is one of the largest engineering consulting companies. With that there is an endless ocean of places to call home to dive into new and interesting work. Sometimes the size of the company can dwarf any attention to niche (re: smaller revenue) projects. 
"A decent culture-Preaches Safety
401k match is good
Decent amount of flexibility (depending on your assignment and contract)
Allows remote work when possible Upper Management Incompetence
Health insurance is not competitive bottom 5% of all companies in the US
Company is everywhere and internally you don't know about 90% of what other people are doing...
Horrible communication from upper management

Jacobs is buying up cyber companies left and right (most recently blue canopy and KeyW). Their strategy to buy cyber companies is a good one, but that is about their only strategy. They had no plan on what happens after that. It is a complete disaster with management all the way up to the CEO. They have zero idea on how to deal with cyber/IT folks. They are finding out real quickly that their horrific approach didn't work. There is a mass departure currently going on especially in the new disaster ""Cyber BU"". The word on the street is out, so I am not entirely sure there is any way out at this point. Go ask any of the big time recruiting companies (randstand, insight global, etc.. ), and they will tell you. The cyber community is a tight niche group that doesn't deal with nonsense. Jacobs is in trouble. I am convinced they won't be able to recruit quality talent without a complete restructure.  I would highly recommend looking elsewhere for now.... Completely revamp the Cyber BU from top down. Tear down your medical insurance plans with new ones. Provide better transparency on bonus structure, raises, titles, etc...  Figure out who your top talent folks are, and don't lose them.  Revamp your policies to better align with the tech millennial age."
Nice coworkers.  Good pay.  Flexible schedule.  benefits not so good but slowly getting better.  Opportunities for travel. Lack of office soul.  Meh office management.  So many meaningless processes - not enough time to do needed work.  No upward career movement.   Staff not accountable - project managers are punching bags.  Not much real support.  Lots of talking - no real action for measurable results.  Management is stale.  Fear based culture. Get back to basics.  You are not challenging today - spend too much time keeping people in small boxes.   Talent is not being challenged - feel stifled.
Easy to trouble shoot things. Got let off after a year. We got shut down 
"Only a few blocks from home Employees had to work 4 hours every Friday to make up for the hour  mandatory ""lunch"" they gave you during the week. Use fair labor laws and honesty"
"Great benefits and pay
Huge work from home culture which is convenient 
Everyone is quite nice 
Very flexible work schedules Because of the acquisition of CH and many employees working from home, there seems to be a lack of unified company and office culture and little to no effort being put towards building that
Project teams seem to be spread out throughout the nation so there's little facetime "
Excellent environment to work  and opportunities to work with other offices Benefits not competitive and desirable 
"Excellent company to be associated with. Not year round work, depending on contract. None"
"This company has been a pleasure to work for! There are lots of opportunities of growth on the line. This company is acquiring different companies to grow their Government Contracting presence. Great opportunities in the DMV area. Culture is changing for the better, but employees are somewhat confused. Not a lot of growth for functional staff. "
"It seemed that most people enjoyed their jobs on a day to day basis and the people in my immediate office were fairly friendly. The work was slow. No real motivation in completing jobs or work assignments. Meetings were held on a weekly basis so as long as you had made SOME progress on your project in the last 5 days, you were fine. "
"Great management, work life balance There wasn’t really any cons "
"Flexible schedule and new and exciting hardware every day Salary, insurance, sometimes multiple contractors can be an interference in getting any work done. "
Great learning experience for beginners Internal politics and lower pay 
Managers listen to you. Work is good. I was in the wast water business. 
Good job environment. Leadership helps out and involved. Good pay. Not much but limited contract work 
"Pay is above average, but this has serious drawbacks - see below. A typical work week expectation is 60-80 hours a week, which could span 7 days.  There are no boundaries for personal time, either at or away from the office.  Repeated mentions to leadership fell on deaf ears - the work is always paramount to anything else going on, no matter if it's a major family milestone, a vacation, or just about anything else.  The workplace thrives on stress and in a highly unproductive manner; constant tension at all levels as everyone struggles to pivot to the next fire drill without ever completely solving the last one.  Work piles up and no one seems to recognize this.  On top of it all, there is always a real threat of downsizing and being laid-off, your job either outsourced offshore, replaced as a result of an acquisition, or simply eliminated to improve the bottom line. Listen to your employees.  60-80 hour weeks are NOT NORMAL.  There is something wrong here.  The turnover will continue until things change.  There is a reason the accounting department is full of contractors."
Great place to start career and learn . Lot of freedom. Culture completely depends on the client 
"Great people great pay, smart people Confusing hierarchy/structure. Mission is ambiguous "
Work life balance was offered Confusing structure and middle management 
Good on boarding process and corporate support staff are easy to work with. Lots of traveling which ended up being a deal breaker for me. 
"Senior Management keeps staff  well informed on firm health, development and initiatives. Large number of employees, light on vacation days Keep doing what you're doing"
"Great leadership, good pay and nice culture Better communication, especially between departments "
"You are paid on time. You are just a number and there is zero loyalty. When hiring people stop requiring high school transcripts for 45 year old people, that's ridiculous. Start interviewing people who were homeschooled and stop casting them to the way side. Listen to your employees, provide bonuses  for your employees (Employees can see the gross profit for the company) and move along the people in upper management that have grown roots."
"Full autonomy, relaxed corporate culture Little opportunity for advancement in this company. Invest more heavily in your employees."
"- Extensive benefits, beyond insurance &amp; retirement plans
- Employee-oriented leadership team
- Competitive pay, regardless of geographical location
- Offers a variety of ways to advance career - Implementation without thorough analysis prior to launching
- Sometimes a victim of their size &amp; left on a figurative island Keep the employee-centered culture as well as remain transparent, from the CEO to entry level employees."
"I have a job to go to Where do I start?

1. They continue to layoff thousands of US employees to save a buck. Let's move them to Krakow. No, to Mumbia! It's cheaper!

Yet, they have no problem spending $10m on an HR system that has no real value and already have a system that can do what the new system does.

2. The CEO acts like a rock star. Note to CEO: Read Good to Great. It will not last and it is not sustainable

3. The CEO is ADD. The guy has 15 ideas a day and wants them implemented

4. They are on a 'diversity' kick. Problem is, it's all for show. They do not live it, practice it or project it. Stop the games. Get a new HR department."
"Good salary 
Cool projects
Lots of experienced people- Best in the field Systematically prejudice against women and people of color 
Managers ALWAYS play favorite with career opportunities and management position
Management out of touch with reality focusing on branding (having meetings about font) instead of discussing what matters to people (benefits/work life balance, etc) "
"Many good technical people, around the world.  You can, if you try, find excellent rescources for almost any question.  Connectivity between offices can be goood, if you make an effort.  Salary can be near or at the top of the E&amp;A world.  Project opportunities are always challenging.  You can work around the world. Senior managment does not know what to do with an Engineering and Architecture company.  They do not engage with the workforce.  They do not market technical skills.   The CEO thinks and acts like he is a rock star.    Benefits are mediocure, at best.   Offices compete for work.  You must be you're own strong advocate. Welcome to the E/A business.  Consider talking to your technical people, not just the yes men and women in managment. They are the only resource you have.  They will not bite.   Calling a group of skilled professionals ""People and Places"" only shows how disconnected you are."
Great pay and opportunities. Defiantly a good place to be when growing in your career. Problems that come with a corporate environment 
"The benefits that Jacobs offers to their employees is hard to beat. Also, their concern for the employee's safety is unmatched. I have always felt welcome at Jacobs and that is rare for a company as big as Jacobs. Generally the work is contract based so it is not necessarily steady, that being said they make it very easy to transfer to another Jacobs location very easily. "
"Lots of opportunities to advance within Jacobs IT department.  I work at USSOCOM in Tampa, FL and my section leadership is always looking for the next best opportunity for their employees.  Flexible work schedule as well as long as you work an 8 hour shift during the day Monday through Friday.  No weekends required to work. Sometimes leadership does not always look within the immediate office to provide advancement opportunites.  But as long as you keep up on certifications you better your chances of getting a promotion. "
"Pay and benefits are good. Excellent IT department. Newly acquired keyw Corp engineers are some of the worst engineers in the business. Independent thinkers with no teamwork. 
They will beat you down and yell. Very non professional atmosphere. Lots of primadonnas. Lying management. Can't trust anyone. Keep your promises. Manage, don't micromanage."
"Lots of opportunities to advance within Jacobs. Below market rate, no training and benefits below average "
"Interesting but slow projects, stock options. For the size of the company: poor management, poor communication, internal training nonexistent, unrealistic salary offers to promote internal career opportunities. Only one provider option for health insurance...overpriced. Reintroduce training into your processes to retain employees. Offer a realistic salary for managers you wish to retain based on experience and qualifications. Show support to your Construction Management Project Teams."
Good opportunities to grow and advance. Lots of  hidden politics Create entry level positions
"A lot of work, big company perks Feel unimportant sometimes and just like another employee "
"Flexible work time, decent colleagues Health care benefits are not that good Jacobs used to be a great place to work but the last few years the company has gotten really cheap"
"Jacobs is checking all the right boxes. They have a lot of new initiatives to make the company more inclusive and sustainable and they seem to be following through. The work is typical for an A&amp;E company. Its a massive company and the benefits are pretty mediocre. Its nice that you keep us in the loop on news about management but the weekly emails about change in leadership are a little annoying. Change in leadership doesn't seem to make much change in day to day work. Plus there are way to many leadership groups, its tough to know who does what and why."
"It's a job. One that I don't look forward to showing up to but need to pay the bills. Don't expect support if you're not working on the ""main campus."" Out of sight, out of mind fits the bill perfectly "
Enjoy working for jacobs/ worley safe and family oriented As far as i can see is the only downside to this company is the short duration of work 
"The company heading in a good direction Mid-level work stagnate, hard to change, not a good play to learn the pratice of Architect "
"Regular salary and benefits, close to my house Horrible toxic environment. Did not value employees or even attempt to retain employees that were at risk of leaving. Micromanaged employees. Did not want to train employees or hire enough employees to successfully run the project. They just wanted to overwork the few that were there. Horrible communication policies. Only 40 employees on the project and 10 left in a 2 month period. "
"We are all in the same boat here. It is easy to develop close relationships with colleagues. Shared pain brings people together.
CEO is making some bold decisions to advance the financial performance and longevity of the company. Senior management can be ineffective, directionless, self absorbed depending on location. This is a very large company. Walk around, spend as much time engaging and developing your direct reports and office staff as you do engaging your manager at the head office."
They have plenty of work Culture.. Management... HR and People 
"The team is great, the PMs are about taking care of their people. The work is constant and gratifying Corporate is terrible. Corporate treats you like a number and when any issues occur the response time is TBD. "
"Organization structure, reputation, global reach, project experience, pay Benefits, including medical, paid time off are average and financial incentives are below average. Engineering firm that doesn't really know what architecture is. Quit restructuring and focus on service and employees and their expertise."
"Love the mission of the company If you don’t bill directly to the govt or aren’t an executive, you are not paid fairly and are only seen as a cost "
"Salary, work environment  and benefits.  Independent work environment Some program managers are awesome, others seem to only lookout for themselves.  We use to get a yearly bonus, now only managers do. Recognize your employees, not just the ones who constantly screw up.    Raises above 1.5 - 2% would be nice too."
Excellent place to run out the clock on your career.  Don't have to worry about promotions or new opportunities.  Can sit back on cruise control until retirement. No opportunities unless you already have 20-30 years of experience.  Culture is dependent on the quality of your immediate manager.  Poor vetting and accountability for middle management results in toxic work environment. Clean up middle managers and enforce the culture coming from the C-suite.
I’m good and helpful It’s different In many ways We gonna do this And make it work
"Good compensation, large and ambitious projects, great safety culture No uniform way of doing things from project to project. Success depends heavily on the project manager and his/her system implemented at the start of a project Standardize practices, conform to industry standards, implement constructability reviews/bring in a construction specialist earlier in design"
Best job I've ever had There isnt really any cons None
"Good work environment, good benefits, great for a technical challenge A little old fashioned but that is changing with the new CEO Be more progressive"
"The contractor money is nice. I honestly think it varies from location to location. Specifically at the Dugway Proving Ground, Utah location, the management here is toxic. They are very cliquey and will do whatever they can to look out for their friends, even if their friends are the trouble makers. 
While I was deployed, they wrote my job out of the contract. They did this in March, and intentionally did not tell me about it until I returned home and was about to return to work. I have no intentions in working for such a crooked company ever again. Corporate should consider rotating managerial roles every 3-6 years specifically for the reason of toxic managers and toxic human resources - something that plagues the Jacobs Dugway, Utah location."
Flexible job roles which allow one to dip into other roles you may find yourself advancing into. Company has gone through several divestitures and purchases in the last few years. Selling off one section and buying sections of other companies. Results in a lot of changing employers for many individuals. 
"Slightly above average pay. Nice people. If you like feeling like a number on a spreadsheet, this company is for you. Almost everything about the experience here was average or below. "
Paid more than most court clerks. Lack of communication from everyone. 
"Leadership really listens once you know who to talk to. Easy to be flexible and autonomous to try to get work-life balance. Doing a good job trying to be a market differentiator so I see lots of potential here. Very stressful days; workload balancing isn't easy; working across-region isn't easy; processes are a nightmare right now; not seeing concrete dates for when change is coming. Need more transparency. You guys are doing important things for your employees but it's so slow to come out with info and you're too hesitant to release something that might be taken the wrong way that it gives the impression that you aren't concerned for their career development, compensation, etc."
"People are really nice and helpful Low salary, but not lower than industry standards "
"Knowledgeable people, good work life balance Not ideal for new college hires looking to grow rapidly in their careers "
"Incredibly professional and polite group of people. A little slow and quite boring at times. 

When I first started I'd get large amounts of work handed down to me Friday afternoon without any planning ahead of time and would get stuck in the office until 8pm on a regular basis. I found this to be incredibly rude and unorganized.

However, I had a new manager come in and he fixed it. Thank you!"
Great talent and people. Flexible. Poor benefits. Not enough work. 
The opportunity to work with talent people. Distance to come to work 
"Remote work is encouraged, helping avoid commute times. Poor communications. Constant supervisor change.  Redundant, awkward PM tools.  Very cliquish - especially the long time employees. Expensive insurance. "
"Good and friendly work environment.  Job is stable and the projects are typically large.  You will learn how to work with a group of other disciplines in order to finish a project.  Big company, so there are always others to assist if you get overloaded.  Offers Jacobs Go, the ability to work abroad for 6 months in another Jacobs office. You get stuck in one discipline.  This company almost always hires from outside instead of promoting from within.  Typically, people do not have time to train you and you are often left to learn yourself.  Projects are team based, and it is hard to get people to work together for the most practical solution as people do not want to change what they have done. "
Great place to learn new things. Salaries typically on the low range 
"The community is great. The work is fulfilling and provides challenging opportunities. The work can be stressful, workload is high, and working hours must be adjusted to meet the projects needs. Look inwards to fill positions higher up."
"Cost of living raises. Good projects and mostly coworkers.  Benefits are good and PTO is ok. I suspect it has a lot to do with each individual office manager, but virtually nothing they say in recruitment pamphlets is true. Judge them by what they do and not what they say. Top leadership from the CEO down needs to keep the people that report to them in check and confirm that they follow the policies in place."
"Variety of project types Inconsistent work, constant moving from project to project to maintain full time status. "
"Good 401k matching. Education benefits are there. Stock option available. PTO reasonable. Remote sites out of touch with Corporate Management. Unfriendly and out of touch processes, sketchy. Audit remote sites. Perform sensing sessions."
Good mentor ship and challenging projects. Work load is heavy due to number of projects in house 
Local to Orlando and central florida Extended work hours occur more often than not 
"Interesting Projects, Decent Career Prospects Long hours, Strict Culture, Office Based "
Telecommuting. Paid travel to work at Lawerence Livermore National Labs. three years to get a Department of energy clearance. 
A lot of great people Jacobs can make it hard to get help. They leave it up to us to find work instead of giving it to us. Could have just been my department though. 
"Good place to put your foot on,  standard benefits, great emphasis on safety, profit sharing, stock purchasing, Accidental death benefits etc. Payscale is not competitive compared to the industry standard, the company is very thrifty when it comes to paying employees or giving them a good raise. Management should revise the salary structure"
"pretty good working environment, good salaries, great benefits and flexibility poor leadership
poor communication
no career plan "
"Great work life balance. 
Competitive Salary
4/10 Schedule Benefits not at par with competitors
Health Insurance is not competitive at all. Very high premiums
You have to have a relationship/friendship with someone at the top to succeed and keep your job going
Your managers never tell you the real story "
"Good raises for good performance
Good coworkers time sheets can be stressful 
Benefits can be better Professional growth related trainings/ conferences/ workshops need to be given more priority"
"Flexible, co-workers are great, pay is decent Seriously lacking leadership; moral is very low Pay attention  to what employees say and when rumors are rampant, quash them rather than neither confirming nor denying. Lack of communication,  trust and respect ruins a company"
"•	This review is for Jacobs Dugway Team (JDT) supporting the Chemical Test Division in Dugway Proving Ground, Utah. JDT has a contract to support the West Desert Test Center (WDTC) for lab work and field work, since 2004. Jacobs is the prime contractor. This is augmentation labor, in which JDT contractors may work alongside Government employees, doing similar work.
•	If you are under 35, or if you have a high school diploma or bachelor’s degree, enjoy competitive wages and opportunities for advancement. You can earn much overtime during test season, May through October.
•	Every day, you support an important mission – to protect the warfighter from chemical and biological threats. The work is interesting.
•	Jacobs’ BeyondZero program offers world-class safety training to guide employees and their families to safe attitudes and behaviors.
•	High-desert scenery.
•	Most people are helpful, supportive, and try their best.
•	The usual work week is Mon-Thu 0700-1730; Fridays off!
•	Quite stable employment. If a new prime contractor takes over the WDTC contract, they may offer a salary increase, guaranteed retention, and other inducements to retain some non-management employees.
•	The benefits are typical of a federal contractor.
•	JDT reimburses one professional membership per year. •	Army restrictions and the regulations that govern chemical agent work can be very frustrating.  Government and JDT sometimes interpret regulations more harshly than needed.
•	Regulations, the government contracting officer representative (COR), and JDT management make it more difficult for contractors than for government employees. Government colleagues do treat contractors with respect while working side-by-side.
•	This is an augmentation contract. Contractors are the first hired and the first laid off.
•	An augmentation contract offers limited opportunity for promotion, because the customer may not need a higher-level employee.
•	In any disagreement between a JDT employee and government, JDT managers side with the government to keep their jobs and the JDT contract.
•	Minimal professional travel, professional development, patenting, or publication.
•	No training beyond that needed to do your current job.
•	Jacobs is a respected Fortune 500 company, but JDT employees do not see the best parts of Jacobs. Jacobs’ concepts “people are our greatest asset”, “boundaryless operation”, and “One Jacobs” have little impact in Dugway.
•	If a contractor lives on post, they are subject to extra restrictions. For example, government employees can shop in the commissary, but contractors can only shop in the gas station.
•	The work site is remote, at least 35 miles from the nearest stop light or retail. People either live on post or commute over an hour one way. Most people carpool or share a UTA van.
•	Dry four-season steppe-type climate with hot summers and cold winters with a little snow.
•	In late summer, there are high weed pollen counts, leading to frequent pollen allergies. •	Learn how to manage professionals as well as field crews.
•	Be loyal to your employees. Support and develop each employee, whenever you can do so without hurting the team."
Lots of people to learn from Nothing really to complain about. 
"This company advocate for ""safety first"". This company does not understand what IT is and need to catch up. "
"Great resume builder
Technical side has flexible work schedule Management doesn't care to promote from within or pay you for the responsibilities put on you. "
Training and Benefits to Employees. Timesheet adjustments can be hectic. Timesheet adjustment need to be more flexible.
"Great benefits (health, dental, vision). 401k matching (new this year). Flexible work schedule (unless you're on CS). Lunch and free parking in LA Bring in some outside leadership that has experience... any experience at this point. Stop focusing so much on automation and scalability. You can try to make your car go faster by investing in the engine, but if the tires are flat it won't do you any good. "
"- Lots of smart, hard-working people making a difference. 
- Great ""thoughts"" around mental health matters and diversity and inclusion. - Some corporate functions (HR, IT, Finance, etc.) are worked past exhaustion; too much work and they are constantly cutting staff
- Launched mental health matters program to compliment or expand on their safety program (BeyondZero). Would be great except while leaders are preaching take care of yourself and we take care of our people out of one side of their face, they are barking get more done with less staff and less money from the other side... Then when you're used up and exhausted, they lay you off. Be real. Call it what it is. If you're focus is money in your pockets in the way of bonuses,  say it, but please stop throwing all the Employee Resource Groups together to check the box on what your advisors tell you makes a company great. At some point you either have to put up or shut up!"
"Lots of people to learn from, great collaborative company with a lot of interesting projects. Huge company, very corporate, easy to plateau "
"Benefits provided, as well as holidays and PTO / Sick time. Lack of management involvement causes a lack of communication and oftentimes a lack of understanding for the job position.
No room to move up in the company, only linearly. Employees in supervisory positions should be more personable.  The presence of these employees oftentimes causes unnecessary stress, as they only visit the work sites when something negative needs to be said."
"Big, growing company. Great internship program Easy to get lost I "
"Paid weekly and paid holidays Rotating shifts, show favoritism, no room for advancing Stop trying to prove who’s in charge! Over use of authority"
"Decent 401(k) matching and vacation time.  About standard across other companies. Reduce pay to employees and not give raises.  Training is a joke, don't expect to receive it. Start caring about your employees and their families."
"Good management, Benefits are great Salary is low for needing a TS Match salary around that area"
"Great benefits 
Overtime 
Decent pay Managers weren’t open to new ideas and weren’t open to growth. Also felt like I was working myself to death and still felt under appreciated. Treat employees with respect and reward good employees with future job opportunities."
"- Efficient and streamline for most administrative functions: training, timekeeping, travel reimbursement
- Friendly work environment
- Company has a demonstrated care for the individual and place importance on connecting
- Benefits are strong compared to many others I have seen in the field. 
-Flexible - PTO policy for new employees with greater than entry level experience. 
- As a sub, management often times behind on contract statuses and seek information from employees versus providing status updates. "
"Work is plentiful, interesting and fast paced. So far they are very flexible with time off and work hours. I could see how some would feel lost in such a big company Keep on keeping on"
Alot of resources and opportunities for growth No cons yet. Lets keep our fingers crossed 
"Good benefits, Medical and health Low pay, no over time , low job "
"High Salary,gleeful place and friendly Very busy,not enough development good You must be self confident"
"Global company with relatively steady work opportunities across multiple business lines.

Committed to growing the stock price. Overwhelmingly corporate environment.

Career opportunities driven more from personal branding than ability. The office operates closer to 1970 corporate standards than 2019 technological capabilities.  Work on delivering flexibility to your employees and creating an environment more conducive to efficiency and streamlined execution."
"The people were easy to work with and the pay was not bad either. The benefits were outrageous and they did not offer much which is to be expected from a large company like Jacobs. Advice to management would be to give some incentive, the people that worked close to me very hard and had been for many years and they never received any type of incentive or appreciation for there many years working with the company. The incentives are not mandatory but does give the employees some motivation."
Wonderful Health insurance and working remotely Not so great at training 
"Direct management is great, no micro managing. The IT infrastructure is lacking direction. "
"#1 in industry
Growth in field
Great culture Recent acquisition of CH2M "
"Flexible hours, challenging work, and small dedicated community Remote location and connection to company web resources are limited due to facility issues. "
Coworkers and challenging work make the job interesting. No real growth guidance and feedback from supervisor and leadership.  Left to seek progressive opportunities on my own. 
"-Nice team
-Great experience 
-Company Culture
-Flexible Schedule No notable cons to this position "
"They keep you busy as long as there is work to be done and as long as the customer has money to pay for you Make sure there is work, establish a good rep with your customer or you're going to be seeing the road soon

If you are good at something and no one else is, you own that something...forever, regardless of what you know, where you are going (or not going). "
"Global company with plenty of opportunities for working with other groups. Decent benefits choices. Constant reorganization at senior level but typical for large companies. Good PTO policy. Yearly raises. Promotion of employee involvement in networking groups within Jacobs and in professional organizations. Great sales team and support to procure new work. Minimal bonuses, structured pay policy. Only 1 week of 100% paid maternity/paternity leave. Billability is talked about constantly but plenty of work available to meet goals. "
Trivial at best. Nothing worth mention. Lazy jacobs engineers took over the group and began stamping designs without knowing what they are looking at. Watch the electrical engineers stamping. They are not doing a review anywhere near adequate.
"Exposure to many different industries
Opportunities to travel around the country and the globe
Great connections made for the rest of working life Market volatility causes a lot of stress as to employment situation at times
Sold on career opportunities that never seem to materialize
Becomes very repetitive if you are ""good at something"" "
The benefits are not too bad and the work stays very interesting. Never doing the same thing each week. Steady work There are no cons at this time. 
"Small office, large firm, good situation. Small office, management  problems, remote manager "
Very capable and friendly coworkers Not holding on to employees during slowdown 
"Flexible work schedule 
Some opportunities for advancement and growth Still sorting things out a couple years after acquiring CH2MHILL.
Each year benefits seem to dwindle.
Workload is sporadic as management overcomes  the loss of client connections due to the departure of senior staff. "
The people at the firm are incredibly smart and diverse. Wide spread of knowledge and lots to learn from everyone. Growth potential is limited by your boss. 
"Decent pay and benefits, employee stock purchase... The fed unit was terribly broken and run even worse. Bait and switch with the job description and interview. Spent 4 months trying to get numerous, solvable issues with practice and management on-site sorted by leadership. Zero interest in changing anything for the better. Left due to this and the heavy handed culture to keep the contract money flowing rather than improve and excel. Unacceptable. I wrote and submitted many suggestions to fixing the problems that were outlined...in short, gut your leadership and figure out how to take care of your people."
"They treat welder very good. They take care of you. As long as you make a good clean weld and pass the x-rays, then your good. Keep up the good work yall are doing a fantastic job!"
"Good holiday time, three 4 day holidays 9hr long days, to give half day Friday "
"Decent people to work with, reasonable managers, some flexibilities in work schedule comparing to past employment. Pay above industry standards. The work itself is not very exciting, but I like it here with everything considered. Benefits are pretty standard.  Nothing else I could think of at the moment. Might be helpful to provide more support, directions and guidance to employees from time to time."
Great benefits. Safety is a priority. I have nothing to say other than we had a bad contract with MillerCoors 
"Worldwide network, technology based, excellent systems Project procedures limit requirements for special projects "
Pros were very busy and active Very fast pace work & no clear direction & support. It’s Laise Faire type management needs change.
I just started and I love it None I can think of 
"Flexible days, Salaries are at or above indistry standards. They are on of the few companies that takes there safety culture very seriously. On the job training. There are too many managers in a single project, and not all of them work together. "
"Great Boss . Interesting projects available. Benefits were mediocre when I started, but has improved for 2019. "
Jacobs provides career growth opportunities I have had no cons 
"- Company really cares about the health and safety of their employees. 
- Bonus incentives awarded based on performance throughout entire project.
- Different project all throughout the country and world.  "
Many opportunities for growth.  Clients all over the world in many different industries. IT response can be slow. 
Helping clients integrate in to various community settings. Harbor Regional Center lacks integrity and will do anything to get a passing grade from DDS audits. Their goal is to maintain the image of fiscal responsibility while under serving clients. The management staff treats service coordinators like their personal property and micro manage every aspect of you work day. If you do not follow “The Harbor Way” you will be forced out through intimidation and/or bogus “work plans” that will create the process of imposed stress. So much stress that you leave. That is why there is so much turnover. Management should ask themselves how they sleep at night  knowing they treat staff horribly and mislead the community by acting like they care.
"Excellent team atmosphere 
Respect for employees personal time
Flexibility and trust Large company 
Slow tech
Ups have better communication between branches in different regions Let’s upgrade the tech! It’s save so much time..."
HR folks are really nice. Can't think of anything con. 
Safe and stable. Good projects and people. Lack of upward mobility at times. 
The Benefits are very nice no cons to speak of 
"Excellent group of people to work with, a real team feeling. The team really cares how you are doing and encourage work life balance. Occasional communication problems between management and staff. "
"Pay, flexibility, hours, work environment Short term contract eventually replaced by government hires "
"pay check every 2 weeks Stockholder driven company. ""the culture of caring"" is a joke they do NOT care about the employees. You are nothing but a number to make management a bonus. Clients are treated horribly and relationships destroyed. Jacobs has adopted the Microsoft method of just buying up a company to get new clients since no one really want to work with them. The management invents new methods to make work harder, lest productive and more chaotic. Shockingly quality suffers, clients pull work and management wonders why. the new ""global talent market strategy"" is merely Jacobs outsourcing US jobs for cheaper lower quality labor. Global integrated delivery means less jobs for US workers. This company has no values and poor benefits. "
"Higher than average pay.  Opportunities to work on a large variety of projects.  Good flexibility Very corporate, constantly reorganizing and acquiring new businesses "
"Safety is a cornerstone principal and is a high priority They just laid off another ton of people. Besides selling off parts of the business because they can no longer get “new business” and they can’t buy more companies and gobble up the clients like Microsoft and Google. They are a joke, pathetic group in leadership that do nothing but gift each other and friends shares in stock Sell everything off. You can’t get new business, health insurance is a joke, capping vacation/pto was criminal. 
Stop allowing executives to cheat with each other who are married and allowing those trips to be paid by us shareholders.  Poor moral values"
"Great individuals to work with benefits are subpar, especially healthcare "
"all kinds of cool projects around the world. they strive to make a positive difference. too large. company is inconsiderate to the employees, will let anyone go without blinking even if they dedicated decades of their career to them. culture isn't great anymore. they're #s focused in every way. each employee is just a number. care about your employees, put money into them and treat people like people, not numbers. bring more of the CH2M culture into the new Jacobs."
"Flexible hours. Above average salary for the level of responsibility. Good for having side gigs to supplement income. Safety oriented, almost to a fault. Most people don't really care about the NASA mission. They're just there to drain NASA budgets.

Pretty intense bureaucracy.

If you're a family man and like God, guns, and football and you're from the area, you're a shoe-in. Hell, if you're not, just lie about it in the interview. Not like they can fire you for it after you're hired, but you will likely be marginalized severely if they find out. So, just fake it. I sure did.

The good ole boys (in more than one sense) like to make back-room deals to work their way up the ladder, but they hit ceilings because the higher management can usually see that those people are good BS'ers, but aren't really interested in progressing the NASA mission.

The transplants are usually better to work around. They don't have inferiority complexes. Grow a sense of dignity that extends beyond your personal life."
The teams are very well organized and management is very supportive. With such a huge company positive implementations happen very slowly. 
decent compensation and benefits package management is not great and work life balance is bad 
"Work Life Balance, Great Management, Great Benefits Travel Management was complicated and frustrating "
"Work from home option
IT leaders trying to improve archaic infrastructure HR is a total mess
Many groups still using antiquated business practices and unwilling to consider process improvements  
Very little automation "
"Good benefits package, salaries are generally commensurate with other companies, PTO is pretty solid. Demanding environment, no true company culture "
Great opportunities are available in several locations Not much room for advancement. 
Great team members to work with. Every employer has some challenges to deal with but nothing insurmountable. 
"Pays the bills, some management seem friendly Salary is lower than average and compensation is terrible. Don’t even look forward to a salary increase at the end of the year, they’ll give you pennies. 

No opp. for career growth, no promotions, over worked, company going downhill "
"Good work culture, Safe environment, Good Mid-level management Under pays employees, slow to respond to employees needs "
Very large company so theres always other options within the company if you find a position that better fits your skills Not very negotiable on salary. 
"Flexible Work schedule, decent pay, good colleagues The different business segments do not work well together Get rid of this IWA stuff."
"Diverse Projects, often long and stable Upper management continuity issues. If a gap exists between projects you're on your own and do not feel stable or that the company has your back. "
Very good salary and okay benefits. Hard to work as a satellite employee. Very little inclusion into office goings on. 
"Close to home. No real commute. None so far that I have found. Pay your people, especially women what they deserve."
Great benefits. Flexible hours. Room for growth. Lower pay than other companies. 
"Decent benefits
Matching 401K
Company stock
Office space Everyone vouches for themselves
Always looking for your own work
Continuous hiring for little work available
Competition to find work
Project managers breaking promises Stop hiring people when you cant keep your current employees busy"
"Great pay, flexible hours, great benefits, job availability all over the world None that i can think of "
Jacobs provides a great support system and work life balance. They have a great rapport with clients and win large interesting jobs. The benefits could be better. 
"Great benefits, Promote from within, Culture of care for employees Jacobs has a lot of on the job site work with very dangerous materials and environments.  Safety is their number one priority through out the entire company.  For those of us who work in offices, the safety first attitude is a little overboard and can border on extreme. I am very pleased with management, there is a culture shift with the different generations of employees.  Most of the concentration is focused on millennial integration which leaves the other two generations working there a little bitter."
"Great opportunities to move and grow within the company
Good pay
Good jobs Company as a whole has an over-inflated ego. Tend to your employees a little better or you will lose good ones."
"The work at the Jacobs Technology office in Tullahoma was some of the most interesting I have done ranging from wind tunnel components to NASA rocket test stands.  You will learn a lot just trying to keep customers happy.

Mainly office work in a comfortable cubicle with some site visits or field work depending on your role and project.

Lots of opportunity to get involved in all aspects of design and analysis as long as there were contracts and man hours available.

Lots of really brilliant engineers to work with and learn from.

Some interesting places to travel to for work and people to visit.

Straight pay over time for billable work. Company only focuses on billable hours.  It is what generates money and everything else is just preventing that to them.

The location is an aging, rural community with little opportunity or activity outside of Jacobs.   Large percentage of people commute from as far as Nashville or Chattanooga.

The business has a very stuck in the 90s feel with a disdain for new technology, techniques, or even dress.  

Nepotism is pretty common, but it is also because it may be the only people they can get in Tullahoma.

No remote work options.  Even bringing it up or asking about a transfer was highly frowned upon.

The pay and benefits were on the low side of competitive due to the very rural location.

Very little training.  Training costs money and takes away from billable hours. You will learn on the job or not.

Did not pay for off hours travel, and somehow travel was always booked on off hours and weekends.  14 hour trip to Germany or China on a Saturday unpaid was common. Embrace and adapt to technology like 3D modeling, computational analysis, and new ideas on incorporating them.  Hire the staff to get it done instead of those clinging on until retirement. Tullahoma was the biggest con to the job, and having been able to work from one of the many other Jacobs offices or remotely would have kept me with the company despite all the other issues."
"Wonderful benefits and a 4 1/2 day work week and can work from home when you need to. Can have long our and weekend work, but you get paid overtime "
"Flexibility, Supportive Management,  Great Clients, Team work Once you capped out on skill sets, minimal opportunity to advance "
"the work culture was open and everyone was approachable. Supportive environment. None that I could think of, but my employment there was short. "
"pay, skills, travel, experience, major jobs longevity, good old boys club "
Not  enough Pros to input Most of the job is a con Pay people what the deserve and what we qualify for or you will continue to lose contractors to the companies that will.
Good salary  and nice work place It has not good training process for young engineers Less experience
Loved the people and what they have to offer to employees The pay on the East coast does not account for the cost of living and you will be trying to make ends meet till you leave the company Pay your employees a living wage and you wont loss talented people that love their job.
"Interesting projects to work on if you are technically minded After acquisition of CH2M, Jacobs continues to struggle to integrate the two companies both from a people and tools perspective.  From those that are use to a more nimble company, Jacobs will appear very slow moving, bureaucratic and uninspiring. Benefits are also very uninspiring and you really just feel like a number in a large organization. Treat employees like people. Provide a more engaging environment. Spread the career opportunities more widely within the company instead of to the limited  chosen ones."
"Great Pay, always changing environment, easy to save and make money. long hours, critical thinking, you need to have a back bone and be able to stand up to people twice your size. Have a better training program set up before construction season starts."
"amazing projects, creative freedom, good salary. not a lot of value in employees, it's a numbers game. "
Good pay and self gratifying work. Lack of teaching and unorganized work relations. Teach future employees everything they need to know.
Genuine safe contractor that communicates this culture accurately from day one! No cons from my experience. Provide more tools to Craft.
"Great work life balance, great benefits, great office culture No cons at this moment "
Good salary and schedule There are limited opportunities for advancement within a technical role.  There is a lack of accountability across the disciplines and very poor project engineering department. Way to heavy on services. All of the project and controls tasks have been put onto engineering. Create more leadership opportunities for senior engineers as the retirement flood that is approaching will leave you with very few experienced leaders.
"Professional place, you can learn different things from different projects No parking , it's in downtown. Spent a lot time on traffic "
Pay is okay but could be better Will not give raises and fight injured employees in court Treat workers equally
"Different work opportunities within company When work is light, no job security. When work is heavy, you’re working 60+ hour weeks. (But only paid for 40) N/A"
Good pay and work schedule. Saw a tendency to promote poor performers and overwork top performers. 
CH2M HILL professionals are a great team Not much work in renewable energy 
"Good people, and good direct manager No investment in facilities "
Opportunity to grow in the Industry May have to travel to maintain job position. Keep up the good work
"Great retirement, fair pay, good work/life balance No cons, it's a good company "
Good place to work. Giving opportunity to  growth  if you are willing to  learn The pay was a bit low 
"High salary, lots of opportunities Not a lot of holidays, medical is expensive, PTO accrual is shared vacation/sick time "
"Good benefits. Great pay. I had a great boss. During reviews you get feedback that helps you perform better. Not many ""Cons"". Not enough paid holidays. Review time tends to drawn out over months. Its a good company. Wouldn't really change anything."
"Flexible schedule. High pay.  Large office. Backwards in every other way. All resources are mismanaged. Positions are filled by those who have been hand picked and groomed - no postings made, and no one else is even given opportunity to try. Toxic, competitive culture - no one wants to share their knowledge because they live in perpetual fear of the next round of layoffs. Management is unwilling to invest in infrastructure or software, let alone employee development. Take some business courses. Engineering experience isn't the same as understanding how to effectively run a business. 

Invest in your employees. Employee growth and satisfaction pays back in spades. 

Stop skimping on tools. Invest in modern programs, equipment and training. Stop clinging to products from 1985 simply because ""it is what we've always done""

Take the long view. Respond to challenges when they are first anticipated, not when your hands are forced."
"great exposure to project management, work side by side with client. Project based pay, project ends and so does pay. You must go from project to project and be ready to travel. "
Engineering company.  Good pay and great people. Benefits are minimal and time-off is minimal.  Everything needs to be billable. Work on employee engagement and development.
"Good Work Life Balance
Lots of projects and good people General corporate feel with some old school engineering vibes "
"knowledgeable engineers and good teamwork big bureaucracy, little appreciation for the work horses "
Great people to work with. Exxon engineers are rude to you 
"Good Safety Awareness and Ethical Company Must be billable
Don't Communicate between business lines "
"Good culture, people are very cooperative, less politics need full epcm projects, less FEED projects "
"This job was a great opportunity to me coming right out of university. The environment was very relaxed, and the people were very friendly. I was given the opportunity to work and learn under senior engineers both in person and in other offices. The company has a hard time retaining young talent in it's offices. There was not enough training provided to teach me the skills required to work on some projects, therefore, I was excluded from bid jobs because clients obviously do not want to pay for training. Because this is a consulting job, if there are no clients, there is no money. As 2018 ended, I did not have a lot of project work, which made it difficult to find projects to get 40 hours a week. In the end, this is one of the factors that lead to me leaving the company. Provide more training to retain young engineers. Help set up long term goals with employees to ensure that there is work for upcoming months, so they don't have to struggle and beg for work like I did."
Company stands behind its employees as long as possible.   Excellent employee work life options and the company has an employee-first attitude when it comes to their safety. Some senior leader ship but only stay behind the employees as long as there is viable contract options in the area. 
Friendly and Professional. Learn new things working hard. low paid time off 
Plenty of resources and opportunity to grow Customers get their way at the expense of the work force Stand up for your employees
"Very large company where one can hide their incompetency, through continual meetings without doing anything. One person does the actual work while 10 others stand on that person's shoulder creating paper work &amp; creating work for themselves out of that one person's work. Its a great rehabilitation center for 'Has been' in the industry.  Average employee age is 55 ( fact) and they are used to doing things the old way. Newer technique and technology is shunned. If you are an older guy and have fallen behind skill set, this is the place for you. if you are an architect, do not join this company. There are very few actual architectural project in the firm. This is an engineering firm, not an architectural practice . Period. PMs have the final say and design principals have to listen to very low aspiration PMs. If you are an architect join this firm at your own risk. "
"Very friendly, helpful, enough work to keep you busy and study a lot not find one from my experience "
It was a great experience Nothing bad to say at all 
Good SMEs to learn from and pay is good. Coworkers are rude and disrespectful at times but work is steady and good experience. None
GREAT OPPORTUNITIES. STABLE COMPANY.  GOOD WORK LIFE BALANCE. Process changes due to merger.  Promises from leadership with minimal follow-through. 
"Jacobs is a good place to work.  Especially lately under the new CEO Jacobs is starting to really ramp up their benefits program and start to think outside the box with their programs to help employees feel like they're not just a number. As an extremely large company bureaucracy can be a little rough and unfortunately there seems to be quite a bit of non-cooperation between departments within the company, sometimes seeming like you are contacting someone from another company who is not interested in helping you when it's really just another department within Jacobs. "
Pretty cool and laid back but can hard at times none i can't complain about a lot . 
Jacobs is supportive of work/life balance. Salary and benefits are competitive. I really can not think of any. None
Four - ten hour days and work stays at work Job security due to lack or work and lay offs 
Encourages work/life balance; improved benefits; talented employees to learn from and work with Workload is unpredictable; no long term outlook; more conservative in taking risks; lack of training / personal development and constant hiring from outside contractors instead of promoting/developing existing talent makes one feel stagnant; work culture is more conservative and there aren’t a lot of team bonding or fun activities; no incentives Remove hassles / roadblocks to training / conferences. Promote from within. Give your employees a transparent long term career path;
"Friendly people, and a very approachable boss. Some of the companies that you are contracted to can be short and rude with you. "
Job always felt stable because of the company size. Often felt like you didn't matter because of the size. Work on giving feedback to employees.
Half day Fridays. Decent pay. Lies to employees from mgmt. Look at what you have done to what Joe spent a lifetime building?  Lies to clients and employees ruthlessly.
Great coworkers. Benfits were in line with all other corporation Work per project. Always need to look for work Great guys
Good people and very high talent level.  Pays very well. Inconsistent work load at times.  Benefits are so so.  ECR division sold off to Worley Parsons. Was the #1 engineering company in the world after the CH2M acquisition.  The sale of ECR to WP may prove to be a short-sighted decision.
"Great people. Good benefits, especially 401k match is immediately vested. Some managers do not take the time to understand their subordinates’ work environment, workload, etc. Hands off leadership is good... to a point. Keep it up."
"A large diversity of projects in which I enjoyed being an intern.  Also plenty of PE's to ask questions. Not enough work as an intern.  I think it might of just been a slower time, but there were several weeks of very minimal work. "
"Decent pay for the work Communication can be a challenge, especially for geographically separated employees. "
"Great atmosphere to work in, and great people to work with. Not much room for upward growth. "
"I am currently working full time for Jacobs. The environment and pay is great. I'm happy with all of their benefits. Do not offer sick leave, so PTO is difficult to maintain, esp with children. "
"Money is okay. Every since the CH2M acquisition Corporate does not communicate well at all. Every since the CH2M acquisition, it has all gone downhill. "
Enjoyed working on  variety of projects Extensive amounts of traveling to various projects Continue recognition  for valued company employees
"Cool work, get to (one day maybe) launch a rocket and do amazing work that will advance the future of spaceflight. 
Many great co-workers, amazing to work with all the old shuttle engineers and people from all over the country in the space industry. 
Overtime pay is nice touch, you work a lot of hours so getting straight pay as an  engineer is a nice touch. Low salaries, low raises, no negotiation. Even with another job offer management wont even try to negotiate as if this is the greatest job in the world. 
Many bad employees that do nothing, and get the same bonuses/raises as everyone else because management doesnt care/doesnt do anything.  Some should just be fired but they wont even talk to them about their performance. 

Constant struggle of ""were behind, work more hours"" with nobody trying to correct the problems at their source. Just throw more hours at it. Take care of the good employees, because we are all leaving."
"Mostly employee focused
Extremely client focused Focused on the bottom line more than employees at time.
Too much upper staff preventing growth. 
Not always providing growth from within. Give advancement for those loyal to the company."
"Benefits, HR Department, Room for Advancement Management is not equipped to effectively handle their people. Unfortunate. Train your managers outside of their specialty to actually manage."
They have a 4.5 day work week  but not a reason to work there. Company recently bought a large competitor and is critically top heavy.  Can't win a contract due to being too expensive.  Overboard on diversity and inclusion while stiffing US military veterans.  Management is of the kiss butt type where a female or minority will be praised for just breathing while the workers in the field are considered disposable.  Not a good place to be. Management is the problem and everyone that works there hates the management or lack thereof.  All smooth talkers with no real purpose for being in the position.
"Supervisors who care about your safety, support underpaid compared to industry test engineer average Large turnover because techs/engineers are underpaid compared to other automotive companies"
Good hard working professionals.  Benefiets are industry standard.  Stellar reputation. Pay for Attendance not for Performance.  Majority workshare with skeleton home office staff. LoL....
"Flexibility, good people to work with Lack of training or professional development Invest more in training.  Need a better benefits package."
"Good hourly rate
Always get 40 hours Sometimes nothing to do
Days can be long if there is nothing to do "
"Great Benefits
Excellent Corporate Culture
Industry Leader Personal Growth
Job Stability
No Lateral Movement within Company Encourage employees to stay by offering growth opportunities. A producing employee is not likely to stay when their responsibilities increase but, their pay remains the same."
"I no longer work there Senior Management only pay lip service to Company values, They are downright untrustworthy, telling lies to employees and misappropriating company resources for their own gain.

If you are not in the club, it's impossible to get promoted or anything above a measly 2% raise. We went through numerous pay freezes while Execs took huge bonuses. 

Contractual promises made to employees are not honored, complaints are retaliated against.

Costs are so controlled they can question if you ask for a new pen (I'm not joking, and neither were they).

I feel bad for some good people still there, if you are considering working here, be very very careful, all may not be what it seems from the outside. Retire."
Friendly people-Flexible work schedule -Safety is the top priorities for the company - Perfect work/life balance however sometimes work need to be done over the weekend to be delivered on time which is ok for me. Lack of offered training- No bounces- Minimum annual increase Set up a budget for training to develop employees' skills.
Worked with some great people. Management and benefits were nothing to write home about. 
"Competitive pay for the job market I worked for Jacobs for almost six months and by six months I mean they laid me off one day shy of getting my paid time off. I feel this was a deliberate action so they would not have to pay me for it. They bought out my company inside Eastman chemical company and then they sold out within this six months. They have let go almost everyone that worked for my old company even thought they state that they are a non biased and fair company to work for. I worked hard, nearly never missed work and still got the boot just a few days away from Christmas no the less. They care very little about employees and like most big time companies are only concerned with the almighty dollar. What ever happened to the American dream and working for a living? Never consider working with them. Make better choices that will further the future of the company. There were much older people that are ready to retire in the years to come. I'm 35 and would have continued my services to further this company."
"- Meaningful and challenging work
- Great work/life balance for now
- Average pay on a low bid contract if you negotiate up front
- Quality work is recognized and rewarded
- High opportunity for advancement due to upper-level positions close to retirement
- Management cares about employees - Peter Principle management in many cases. Some people are not meant to be managers and that is OK.
- Most management only has operations experience which has limited applicability to a development phase environment
- Software PMs have limited experience outside of KSC or in some cases no software experience at all and are in most cases dead-set on doing software just like it was done in the 70/80s while paying lip-service to 'agile' methodologies. There is more to software development agility than creating more meetings and micromanaging every line of code by otherwise uninvolved PMs.
- Primarily work with obscure software in very limited use in industry outside of this project.
- Custom-built SCADA system makes application software development very difficult and limits job opportunities when inevitable layoffs eventually occur.
- Little to no software development training or investment in software development training.
- Low performers aren't managed while high performers are required to pick up the slack.
- Most upper management close to retirement so there is no desire to keep up with latest best practice or trends and hasn't been for quite some time. Many day-to-day software is at least 10 years behind latest and greatest.
- Government contract bureaucracy. - Do more market research before commissioning a custom-built system.
- Provide the customer with alternatives, don't bend to their every whim. It does not help us in the long run.
- Hire qualified personnel to develop and write software.
- Invest in your employees' development with training relevant to day-to-day activities, e.g. software development.
- Keep up with market trends."
"Good projects to work on, Company name and reputation Unfriendly co workers,  gossips even when they laugh with you, I have worked in several places and this happens to be the worst! I know of someone who left because of the unfriendly nature of their work group. Mine was not that different, You have to go out of you way to be friendly and when you encounter the same persons on the hall way or outside the building you are not acknowledged. "
Work hours are very flexible . Upper management creates stress for supervisors 
Friendly environment and flexible work schedule Tight work place and limited growth 
"Great Work Life Balance, Fixed work timing, Workload is minimal Limited Growth Opportunity, Increment is very low "
Great experienced co-workers.  Great international placement opportunities for younger workers. A bit dull? A very big company. 
"inspiring environment with highly trained employees,
working with different languages, 
interesting  contract negotiation with the most important companies in the world,
youth working environment We need more working resources in terms of personnel "
"Strong market positioning and reputation on most of their markets.
Very good teamwork and easy internal relationships at lower and middle levels. Business model works well somewhere - say core markets - but needs to gain a lot of flexibility and cleverness  in other ones. 
Very high instability of org charts and middle management changes, personally I had 10 different bosses during 10 years . Uneffective and ridiculous.
 Not a good tuition for young graduates, besides unuseful formalities and slogans. You must be billable since the day one. Take much more risk on your business and contractuals.
Take much more care of the people, not only about safety."
"Wide and financially solid company. Have strong value and history, which place this company in a good position in front of the eyes of a wide range of client. In some area is difficult to grow and have a career. Transfer to another office location are not well seen neither sponsored. "
"The company is focused on the growth of the business, the growth of their people, and creating new opportunities to engage and solve customer problems. As with all ""growth oriented"" companies - there are high expectations for performance at all levels of the organization. As the business gets bigger - don't forget the customers or the people in your desire to please Wall Street and make pretty investor decks."
"Flexible schedule, great co-workers, and so many divisions you can dabble in anything! Work-life balance can get out of balance, if you let it. Continue to strive to be an employer of choice, progress has been made with more opportunities! Show appreciation to those that have given a lot of years to the company and use them as mentors to the new hires to attract and RETAIN good employees."
"As with many biotech companies, your group, your manager, and your manager's manager will largely influence your (perceived) career trajectory and enjoyment. Fortunately, I've had two great managers so far, so my experience has been largely good. In my experience, the pros have been:
- Great people to work with. Most, if not all people in immediate surroundings work hard and carry their weight. 
- If you take initiative, you'll get plenty of opportunity to grow. 
- Drama is fairly minimal at the pre-managerial level.
- Stable job
- Technical teams are pretty lean
- Free coffee. You're gonna need it. - Below average compensation. Annual salary growth is almost non-existent unless your position changes. 
- Employee retention is starting to dip.
- Many mandatory corporate-wide paperwork/training/assessments
- Many experienced technical employees refuse to take managerial roles, probably for a good reason...
- Pushing for change is slow in a big corporation, unsurprisingly.
- Career advancement is slow on average.
- Short-term (usually revenue-driven) goals eclipse the priority of investing in long-term process improvements. - Great managers REALLY need to be awarded more. They can make a big difference in retention, efficiency, employee growth and general satisfaction.
- Everyone is too busy to make PPI changes. Give your employees some dedicated time to make process improvements.
- Upper management should take time and listen to feedback from lower technical employees."
"The work environment is great, you can have a work-life balance.
The technology is up to date
Plenty of challenges to keep you exited and learning
Giant business with a lot of opportunity to maneuver your career Lack of recognition from Leadership
Initial salary when you get hired is competitive, but the longer you stay the longer you fall behind the curve. Reward and pay your loyal high performing workers or they will all end up leaving!"
Final products can cure disease and make a positive impact on society. Grateful customers when project delivered correctly and on time. Discouraging culture - confrontational and non-collaborative.   The overall atmosphere is miserable. Pay low for job expectations. Training too short.  Not enough support/resources from corporate. Do an anonymous 360 degree survey. Sit in on all staff meetings at every level.
Strong presence in clinical lab space.  Diverse product offering.  Offering innovative products work life balance is challenging 
"Great career opportunities, they like to hire internally. Strict rules that were not mentioned in the interview.  Cannot take off around Holidays, flex time is hard to get (can apply after 6-mo), can work from home (1-day per week) after a year. "
Very profitable company.  Could be more profitable thought if they worked on their internal efficiencies Overly metric driven.  The only thing that matters is hitting the numbers Don't let the metrics blind you to the real objective.
"The benefits of this company are outstanding. 3 weeks vacation to start, with the ability to purchase an additional week during Open Enrollment. Health is good, and the little extras are nice. The pay is okay if you are on the lower level of the chain. But they do offer many paths if you want to make more or advance in another area. Remove salary caps on lower level employees."
"Large range of opportunities
Always keep your options open
Good business strategies Favoritism exists
Vague pathway for promotion
Meager salary increases "
"The company’s expansion plans are obvious, and their products are useful. Pathetic leaders and poor benefits. Get new managers -Casper is executing a growth by acquisition and you can’t maintain and empire."
The company is growing and has a good outlook The workforce cant keep up with the demands of the growing company 
Cool products and technology and nice new office. Mediocre leadership.  No opportunity for advancement.  Leaders too hands on.  Sales over quality.  Non competitive salary and benefits. Create an actual strategy that is adhered to.  Increase compliance and hire the right talent.
"Flexible Schedule based upon management, good benefits Work life balance is not ideal. Recognition/ awards very unbalanced between supporting functions/ departments.  Underpaid per value rating "
"Challenging work on mass spectrometers Nothing else , reallly slow sometimes, to many managers. "
"Provides technology and tools to ensure employees are productive and working as efficiently as possible.  Invests in new technology to ensure sustainable and scalable future organizational success. It's not a con for me; but, perhaps it's something others should be aware of overall. The organization moves fast, and it is dynamic in its approaches, culture, and organizational structure.  So, for those who are not able to navigate through complexity, balance competing objectives, or lack time management skills, then you may struggle achieving success here. "
Smart people and great benefits Senior Management are not very accessible 
The company is doing well. Need to speed up the understanding of compliance and regulations. Implement effective change management program.
Great benefits and overtime is great Feel like they can replace you 
"Profitable company 
Practical Process Improvement philosophy-always looking for ways to be more efficient 
Large company with opportunities for career development
Learn and leverage your finance knowledge; bottom line trumps all
Company measures diversity outcomes regularly 
Annual employee survey for feedback
Nice employees and lower level management Benefits can be better, subpar vision coverage
Matrix environment = politics
Difficult for new hires to learn how to migrate through a matrix environment- takes time to acclimate
Difficult to know who to go to and for what
Revenue and profitability trumps all, so difficult to ask for more resources without showing ROI
The level of ‘Intensity’ one must operate at all times is stressful
Company says leadership behaviors are important but u fortunately more often makes an exception for someone if achieving desired profit
Company claims diversity important but No Diversity at top
Keeping cost low and driving profitability most important, regardless of people impact 
Sink or swim environment HOW management achieves outcomes should be equally important to profitability 
If Company committed to Diversity, then reflect at top levels"
Amount of work available is nice Supervision requires clean out. 
"great office space and convenient location, work from home very conservative hierarchies, no advancement allow team mebers to grow and advance"
Dedicated employees and mature products Too lean with little money allowed to do anything Spend some money - hire some people - buy better equipment - invest in some better computer systems
"Great quality mindset, benefits and people! More automation of systems for process, quality, inventory and maintenance "
Many programs for employee involvement Hard to get rid of poor performing employees. 
"Good benefits.  Average Pay. Ridiculous hiring process.  IT management in Austin was unreliable and not trustworthy.  Stories seldom match reality.   Poor application of Agile within out division, teams rewarded for deflecting blame instead of taking ownership. Hire actual managers, with actual management experience.  Don't simply promote from within.  Be less rigid about requiring people to be in office when the job doesn't involve hands-on work.  Be smarter about replacing employees, don't let recruiters contact your staff they are actively replacing."
"Pay
Lots of overtime 
Lots of advancement opportunities Lots of production drama
If you’re on the off shift your pto is used up fast "
"Many internal opportunities to take advantage of Tons of problems, little direction from senior leadership, work in silos. "
GYM cafeterias pool vending machine Benefits salaries conflict qualified growth 255 park plaza dr
Good opportunities for learning new skills Underpaid and overloaded with work NA
"Good pay, large company with many resources Long hours, lack of management support No comment"
"Good call points with ENT, Allergy, Peds etc... Low base salary and bonus plan "
"free coffee, new building with lots of instruments to learn senior management makes poor decisions due to lack of experience in the industry they are in.  focus is on the wrong things (bulletin boards, politics, unrealistic goals) and not in the right areas (having a full product pipeline, retaining top talent, focus on real cost saving initiatives).  Promotion is only given to politically skilled individuals and much of the metrics data is finessed to look better to upper management focus on your top talent and try to reach out more to non-political people closer to the product line."
A lot of opportunity to stay within the company Little resources.  No specialization.  Lots of acquisitions. 
"Decent salary, bonuses for department performance, benefits like continuing education. Can get stressful, many employees have poor work life balance There needs to be a greater emphasis on reducing campaigns and projects. Lots is said about work-life balance, but little is implemented"
"Large company with lots of opportunities! Good people, good pay. Large company that may not know you exist! Hard to make any change. Can be stressful as the bottom line in king here. There is more to a company that the bottom line...."
"Close to home, managers care about your career path, job security, good work/life balance, good benefits. Many are remote with different time zones and makes face to face meetings challenging and slows things down. IT spending and investments is low. Remain competitive with similar high-tech companies for your IT employees in terms of pay and use of technology."
"Great learning opportunities
Flexible schedule (in some departments)
Room for advancement Understaffed
Chaotic and stressful work environment
Low pay compared to competitors Staff appropriately so employees are not burned out and leave the company. Increase pay to align with competitors."
Plenty of job opportunities  to choose from Too big of a company operates in silos 
very laid back company to work for The leadership is not trustworthy 
"Opportunities to travel, high visibility to company stakeholders Pay, while work is visible it is not always rewarded "
"Local openings in the Eugene area Stressful and micromanaging management does not inspire confidence... STOP astroturfing the reviews....you have a vested interest and should not
be here..."
Open to ideas.  Good pay and benefits. Slow to action even with good ideas. 
Lot of knowledgeable people within the company Lack of growth in certian divisions 
The opportunity to help patients. Low salariales and low or no consideration for employees as an  integrated part of the workforce and company. Change gerencial management often.
"benefits available - 401k, medical/dental/vision insurance -absolutely zero room for career advancement unless you are one of the manager's ""favorites"" - managers will block applications to other departments or find ways to tell you you're unqualified
-daily expectations exceed department capabilities (i.e. running skeleton crew and being expected to produce as much product as 2-3x the current labor force could provide)
-managers do not care at all about employee's well-being, we are merely the means to an end (i.e. ""I don't care, just get it done"" type of attitude)
-excessive OT leading to burnout, management sees no problem in losing staff due to this but refuses to train or hire new people
-profits over people is the Thermo Fisher way. get used to having suggestions ignored or downright dismissed right to your face.
-morale is near zero due to the promise of *temporary* 10 hour minimum days and occasional weekend work that turned into 6 months straight of 50+ hour weeks and a half dozen mandatory Saturdays (and counting!)
-HUGE disconnect between office workers and lab workers, the people who sit at their desk all day have absolutely no clue what we go through back in the labs (although in their fairness, we have no idea how hard it is to send emails and go to meetings all day either).
-the HVAC system is a total joke. the office area is nice and climate controlled but the labs used to be a warehouse - there is no insulation or thermostats. facilities literally has to climb inside the ceilings to open or close the vents in order to let in more or less heat or AC. some rooms are 79 degrees F, some rooms are 58 degrees F. again, management says it's not a problem and we're just going to have to deal with it.
-for a $21 BILLION corporation, you'd think they could afford to properly compensate their employees but salaries are a JOKE compared to similar jobs in the surrounding area (like 25-50% less!)  
-HR is not helpful, mostly because there's only 1 person and she's got hundreds of employees to deal with so basically unless it's extremely urgent she's never going to reply.
-I could go on for days...I know I'm missing something wake up and start paying attention to your employee's needs! that means you actually have to get your butt out of your cushy chair, walk out of your nice air-conditioned office, gown up, and head back to the labs in order to talk with us about problems that need fixing."
good hours and pay I'm happy to work there there are no cons at all. 
It's a job if you're inexperienced They will work you to death and then tell you its not enough. Add more people to give everyone a better work/life balance
"Open space, lots of on campus ERG to join if interested, lots of resources slow promotion or none at all "
"Good salary/benefits. Regional managers and team are mostly excellent. 1. Management. Since the turn of the year upper management has been forcing more and more paperwork down our throats. It is to the point where we spend 30% of our time at a computer. The software is miserable and dysfunctional. After lots of problems and complaints, upper management decided to release a service pack to make it more time consuming rather than fix the bugs and time waste.
2. No Communication. The company has had multiple logistics nightmares this year in which the regional managers were not informed until their engineers started complaining. Chronically short staffed and customers of course take this out on engineers.
3. Completely disorganized company. You can not believe the disorganization and dysfunction. We have had lots of engineers from other large corporations come over and be shocked at how ridiculous it is. New employees take 6-9 months to start training and contributing, unless they quit first.
4. Morale. Morale is so low at this point that there will be large employee turnover. Only ones that will stay will be the ones that don't do much and like that they can get away with it. Help your employees serve customers. Support your employees rather than attacking us. Perhaps even try to figure out what it is we do? Organize, organize, organize to stop wasting millions of dollars every year. Honestly, just leave so we can get decent management."
No pros to mention at this time Innovation through acquisition seems to the MO of TFS None to be given at this time
"Easy to get to from BART, ACE, etc... Last mile pick up options using Uber in Kato Road location. Dynamic people, always smiling, hard driven company (good thing). If you like to be part of a rapidly growing acquisitive company - join us! Not much other than not for the faint hearted. If you like to be lazy then work at a company that is 8-5. This company makes a difference. Work Life is skewed on work. benefits cost the norm for industry. Keep doing a great job!"
Great team of hard working individuals Needed more support from corporate leaders Keep working hard and building your team.
pragmatic executive leadership. large company expectations/security. many lateral moves you can make to keep things fresh. Average company with average compensation and benefits. Higher level positions are hard to come by 
Friendly coworkers and allowed to wear headphones as long as the job gets done. Low pay and overtime of that bothers you. 
"Job security, open to improving processes Pay is not very competitive. "
"I cant even think one too much stress and no clear path Talk to employees at different levels, dont always take the word of managers and directors."
Company has a competitive advantage in Life Sciences due to very broad and deep product offering for most all areas of Life Sciences You need to be comfortable and capable to navigate complex internal matrixes. Allow business class travel for international flights.
Generous pay and available overtime . Work is killer on back and feet. 
"Beautiful (aesthetically) site to come to daily. The leaders at this site are unprofessional and couldn't care less about employee morale. Also, corporate ethics is totally useless and unresponsive. 

The quality of work for this site has become horrible due to poor leadership and lack of help for the work load. The expectation is unrealistic.  Some leaders onsite would be thrilled if you worked every single day of the week. Value the employees that work hard everyday.  Stop back biting and behave like professionals.  It's not high school, but a place of work."
"possibility to work with advanced tools and to travel through italy and over the world, excellent relationships with customers because it is a big company, it is difficult to be heard by management and Human Resources. "
"Decent pay, good benefits just not at a great location No organization, lack of communication "
"It's a big company so there are opportunities that arise to move laterally to other functions, which can be nice. It's a big company so there is A LOT of bureaucracy which can make getting things done feel like a slog. "
"Great company, promotes internal growth cross functionally.   Opportunities are always there. Not enough workers, workload can be more than the headcount. "
"All the good things being part of Thermo Fisher Corporate, including good pay, benefit, PTO, education assistance etc. This site in Tewksbury MA is toxic. Fundamental reason is the products are all in declining cycle, no corporate investment but a lot of corporate pressure to meet sales goal.  Crazy turnover in upper management, especially in marketing.  Upper management cannot find a solution to solve all the problems, and they are not even trying to solve problems at all. To protect themselves, they have to point finger and find scapegoat for the bad situation. No much. This business unit is going to dye, and no one can save it. Move to another business unit within Thermo as quickly as possible."
"Good people, decent pay.  The time off given is above average Favoritism, hard to get out of the Packaging Department "
"Very caring management, opportunities to train and cross train, growth. Almost none to report as the organization is best. Increase salary:)"
"The  mission of the company is one of the most inspiring you'll work for outside of a non-profit.  The people have been great and exceptionally dedicated to the goals.  In IT the most common phrase you'll hear is ""One Team"" meaning that to our colleagues we aren't viewed as silos of knowledge or ability and we'll take pride is helping out on any project or task we can to support our business. Hours can be long and off hours work can be common, but not unusual for an IT team supporting a very large global organization. "
"Thermo Fisher is a strong, financially stable company and you can expect competitive benefits, but not top tier.  They make an effort to provide a comfortable environment (decent cafeteria food and fitness centers) and show appreciation with events like BBQ's a few times per year and a nice holiday party (which was moved to Jan/Feb.  I guess they want to save $ and not offend anyone?). It's a huge company so you may not feel a sense of community.  Profit is the bottom line.  I saw changes that definitely didn't benefit customers and made day-to-day work more challenging for employees.  Thermo Fisher acquires companies at a fast clip.  You may be realigned out of a job or suffer in an understaffed situation.  Growth &amp; opportunities may be limited because job categories are pretty segregated by region/Country.  Also, IMO wages are below average in Biotechnology. Invest in the people who make your companies run every day."
"Big name, decent pay, learn alot Layoffs when company doesn’t meet goals Practice the values you preach"
"Great vacation time and accrual. A lot of team building and company outings. The pay structure is pretty bad, especially for floor operators. Raises and bonuses are nothing to brag about. Actually care about the people who work for you."
Great compensations and benefits! Good work life balance! The NEO is a mess and could definitely use some help to the training program! 
"Able to work remote, especially in global positions. Reorganizations, resources, and moving/closing sites of manufacturing. Really listen to the surveys."
Good benefits given to employees Career upward mobility is sometimes limited 
"Benefits are pretty decent. Fisher took over CDC contract and fired 90 percent of staff who worked there for 10 years and more. Most of the staff worked there for 15 years and more.  How can a company just fire staff who have families....sickly mother, children and grandchildren to take care of. Replaced with younger hirees . Watch how you treat people."
"2nd shift differential
Decent people to work with Long days
Some weekends
Management doesn't care "
Lots of dynamic collaborations and great work environment Sometimes communications can be missed 
decent pay and benefits none that I can currently think of 
"Good pay, but that's it Intensive pressure to deliver things that cannot be influenced, focus on quarter numbers, unrealistic expectations on how things work 
Endless number of meetings
Pretend to be all inclusive and supporting, but fire long-term employees without any warning
No investment into r&d Risk something, put money into hiring enough people instead of trying to streamline it. If there are only not enough workers, no improvement workshop will get you more hours
Treat people better, give them a warning if their job is likely to be terminated."
My division  of Thermo Fisher is very proactive about safety and infrastructure.  We receive finding for energy saving projects and efficiency projects.  Diversity of thought still exists here - not just diversity of race.  Both are present here.  Upper management supports local initiatives. Company is so large finding the right person or resources to complete a complex project is sometimes challenging.  There are several divisions  internal to Thermo Fisher that are very siloed from each other.  Working on projects or getting support between divisions is difficult and almost never happens.  I have had to remove sites from projects because they were from different divisions and have separate financial entities from ours.  Not high wages but fair. Pay a little bit more attention to your employees and the amenities that are provided or talent will start to drift away to other companies that invest more in their Workplace &amp; employee amenities.
Decent work and life balance Management lacks vision and poorly communicates.  High attrition for new hires. 
"Good benefits
Time off policy
Growing company
Growth opportunities Growing pains of the comapny (confusion/unclear set of expectations) "
Opportunity is available for advancement to management Politics and non collaborative environment 
"The company has great quality products and the name of the company looks good in your resume. Decent sales training and co-workers are generally nice people and are supportive as a team. Typical corporate-style management only cares about quotas and their bonuses. 
Expect you to talk to customers during business hours and expect you to work all evening on all follow-up office work. We are expected to be efficient with an extremely archaic and non-functioning CRM system that frequently crashes. Internal pricing teams and customer care are spread thin and overwhelmed with the demand of customers and orders. Management expects us, Account Managers, to be experts on thousands of products yet offer no training. There is a Technical Sales Specialist to work with but again are spread so thin we rarely get to work together effectively. 
Overall the company is too cheap to invest in internal updates to make our jobs easier and more effective yet they expect double-digit growth for each territory. 
Not a good place for diversity and do not understand other cultures and personalities that are not typical white American. Go into the field and interact with a customer, not every customer wants to buy every single thing from us.  It is not really working in our favor to pressure us to sell everything. Customers tend to be standoffish when we mention the Thermo Fisher name due to the size of the company and the negative connotations of large companies. They really think we are the WalMart of science and not really helping with customer loyalty. 

Invest in your internal business processes because everything is so inefficient."
"relaxed work environment, chill coworkers, work isn't hard not challenging enough, no room for growth, people come and go often, "
"Set hours, PTO policy, good work/family balance - understanding that ""things come up"" Poor training, lack of accountability and expectations. No real direction of what you are responsible for. No straight answers on processes and procedures. Negative attitudes in the environment. Constantly hear ""that's just how things are done"" or ""That is how things have always been done"" - nobody takes the initiative to improve the environment, processes and procedures. Employees seem to have the feeling of ""why bother"" when it comes to trying new process and improving things because nobody ever listens or follow through. Take a step back, provide training and education on the business/products/services/processes. Find ways to eliminate wasted time and efforts."
"The leadership stands behind CI and expects everyone to understand and apply methodologies to bring productivity. Any improvement effects individuals.  Individuals do not like change.  Change management of continuous improvement is a different science and there is not much effort is handling it with care, bringing low EQ. Must develop a strong EQ capability and culture."
Good pay for the area Very little room for growth 
"Flexible hours/ Great Gym/ cool coworkers Out of date machines, l Upgrade the offices"
Awesome benefits great worker's to work with Sometimes it feels like your micromanaged no bathroom breaks We are humans with family's and needs we are not robot's the PTO can be better you can't plan  emergencies it should not be held against you as a points especially when you using your PTO time.
"Great products, good mission and good benefits. Company has grown too big too fast.   In the final years it felt like people were just a commodity.  Turnover of VP/GM's is alarming and the Global HR community has experienced massive turnover since the appointment of the current  CHRO.   Sad to see so many good leaders exit in the past 24 months.  The culture has become  cold and unforgiving.  Personally I find this sad as I was such a cheerleader for the company for many years.  But had to leave when I could no longer ""sell it"" to perspective employees. Remember it is the employees that made you successful.  Need at least one member of the CLT to be balanced and comfortable with people and more importantly  knows how to inspire.  The tough approach of always finding fault even when the business is doing well is no longer working.  Leaders are tired and burned out.  Try a little praise and being visible -  it goes along way."
"A decent place to get a resume started. No room for growth, low pay for the area, stingy/cost cutting managers, management not interested in employee development. "
"They cover many areas of scientific industry. If you really wanted to make a career with them while also not being pigeon-holed, you can. They cap raises when moving areas. They say they want you to develop your career there, but sometimes they hold on to employees in one area for as long as possible. "
"You can learn a lot
Management is very easy going
Fast pace work environment There are downfalls to every job, but for the amount you're doing, some departments do not make enough "
"Thermo Fisher is a wonderful company to work for - great opportunities, well run, lives the 4i values. Can be difficult to navigate the matrix "
"Ok salary and bonus with 80 hours/week workload expectation
15 PTO days include sick days
Work from home exists but for certain people only
ESPP exists but basically no discount
Ok benefits but they will push you to low cost HSA plan because cost is less
Average 401K match but you have to wait 3 months
Intensity is a scary word. The devil is in the detail Intensity is a scary word there
Work Life balance is fake,  certain people only
No fairness, only favoritism. You can do no wrong if management likes you. If you are not in that inner circle, just be ready to take all the blames even it's not your fault.
Racism heavily exists. Only one race will be promoted. They might put minority to unimportant spot occasionally just to show diversity, but never something meaningful position. If you are minority, female, colorful race or has foreign accent, you need to be quiet and obey, then you might have a chance.
Full of toxic culture. Few people will purposely speaking on phone so loud in open office space, so they can get attention from top. Also you will see few female employees constantly go to male director/VP's office to discuss ""works"" with door closed.
Backstabbing is real. This place doesn't care about your performance.  Only what people say about you in the back matters. Be careful if you are smart and hard working, your manager and colleagues will not like it and they will try to take you down if you show too much ego. 
Finance system is just a disaster. You will be put into the place to create financial report with wrong data all the time. Watch out these people can talk intelligently about the system and data, they are the person with no clue but only really good in BS. But for some reasons, this company loves bs.
No job security. Be expected to look for new job every 1-2 years. They don't want you to stay at the same role too long. You need to go through the same interview process every 1-2 years competing with another 5 external candidates. That's their method to push out people they don't like without paying severance. 

If you are about to accept their offer but have another opportunity in hand, think twice. Make sure you know what environment you will get yourself into. Is there any management or HR?"
Good benefit package and nice scenery Project management and company direction Nothing to say here for now
Great co-workers and support staff.  Learned quite a bit.  Telework options as well depending on manager. Fired without any previous warnings.   Lost my benefits.  HR not on the side of employees. 
Good Hours and easy work. Nice people No Bad things to say. Great Hours 
Decent summer internship experience for software. Often felt as if I was not given much work. 
"Great place to work. Company is doing very well. 
- Flexible and lots of company benefits
- Many very skilled and experienced professionals
- Friendly environment
- A great deal autonomy to work on what you want
- Growing company and you feel the sense of really contributing towards something
- Great managers
- Top of the line global reaching products  I think employees could benefit from a fitness centre or at least discounts from gym memberships"
"Big company, many opportunities to grow, many opportunities of cross training in different departments. Managers are picky and wont let everyone to grow. Favoritism prevails. Even though theres lots of learning opportunities but they wont give promotions and salary hikes. Let people grow and have job satisfaction."
"Stable company, benefits are typical Not progressive and culture is stagnant "
"Benefits are great. 6% match on 401k, good healthcare, they really care about internal growth and personal development. Good PTO to start too. Its easy to feel lost in the huge machine that is Thermo Fisher. "
"- Fast hiring process 
- Work on useful problems - Relationship between product management and R&amp;D is poorly defined
- HR failed to maintain a work culture where people do not feel abused and leave
- Some managers are weak and incompetent
- Lack of vision; changing focus "
"The company is great at taking care of its people. There are many great benefits and programs you can use, and management is there when you need them. Working on an off shift can be difficult if you have a family (though it can also be beneficial, if you're going to school and need time during the day, for example). "
"lots of opportunity to learn, great culture, great people, great leaders overtime depends on demand, so it can get pretty busy keep being cool"
"The work is often interesting and it is nice to be proud of the products we produce. The pay is exceedingly low for Silicon Valley. If you're not an exec or, possibly, in sales, I hope you have a spouse with a high-paying job or have other income otherwise you'll struggle to afford the average rent here. 

There are few opportunities for advancement within the company. Though training is sometimes available for other areas as a means for advancement, the company rarely follows through on the advancement part. There are large groups of employees stuck in low-paying, go-nowhere jobs.

Management turnover is high. There are frequent power struggles among departments and communication is often poor. Pay your people an *actual living wage* for the area. The company makes, what, $1b a quarter now? You can afford it. This isn't some bootstrapped startup. 

Sort out the lab politics and work on improving morale within the entire company."
"Great place to work, they care for employees Such a large organization you can get lost. "
"Good benefits, employees care about others success i have not yet experienced any cons "
The employees are great to work with. Stressful at times but well worth the time. Keep up the good work
"Nicely run company, good on resume. Pay should be so much better, resulting in higher than necessary turnover. Pay your employees more."
"There is a lot to be learned, interesting projects being started, and positive changes that will be happening. It’s a good time to get a lot of experience at a large, international company. 

Great work life balance. 

Ability to work from home. Below industry average on pay. 

In the IT area, there is a heavier focus on the Carlsbad office, as opposed to creating a feeling of shared importance across all offices. Review the pay for some areas and bring people closer to industry average. 

There should not be a feeling where Carlsbad should not be the center of the IT for the company."
Great growth company for learning and community value Highly politically decisions and actions 
Strong long term plans for growth. Team commitment. Exciting cutting edge technology and dominance in the marketplace support strong growth opportunities. Very heavy workload and delegation challenges. 
Very large company with lots of divisions.  Good foundation. Some divisions have poor leadership making them not as profitable resulting in low commission. 
"The hours are perfect, you work 4 days a week and get 3 days off Compensation and environment needs an
Upgrade "
Committed professionals in providing service and science products to multiple areas Few to no advancement opportunities in marketing and communications 
"The mission of the company is inspiring and it was exciting to be a part of an organization trying to make a positive difference in the world. The organization is highly matrixed and I had at least three bosses with totally different ideas of what my job was. Two of the departments were great with awesome colleagues, but one was toxic and the manager condoned bullying by peers.

The open plan work environment is anything but conducive to getting work done or collaborating. Everyone ended up wearing headphones and trying to avoid eye contact. Not to mention that the small desks and lack of privacy are completely insulting to the people forced to endure them. Don't play favorites. Sit in an open plan desk and see how much you get done."
"Excellent campus with gym and cafeteria. Expected hours are 80+, there is 0 respect or appreciation "
"Good Benefits, Culture Diversity is good Year over Year, the one thing that is constant, is that each employee and location is Constantly in flux "
"Great parking, good pay! Great cafeteria. New building. • If you enjoy being part of a group of catty gossipy admin women, then this is the company for you. People say you get that anywhere you work, but nope I’ve never witnessed it quite like here!
• the upper management, or “4th floor” employees, are extremely rude, act well above others, and closed to new ideas.
• their only goal is to acquire as many smaller companies, to make as much money as they can - which I’m sure is the end goal for many businesses, but the over matrixed environment (the many companies rolled into one) makes working there unjustifiably insane.
• there is NO work/life balance
• HR is bias and not at all supportive if there is an issue with management. I have seen this work against people in many situations.
• CEO is one of the most over paid CEO in MA, and the BOD are pissed! Look it up, public knowledge. Greedy! Your HR group is horrendous!!! From the business partners, to the hiring process! I’ve never witnessed anything more unprofessional in my working career.
I helped interview executive assistant candidates, and then heard nothing but “unrelated” reasons why they weren’t a good fit for the job! Made me embarrassed to think that’s the hiring process I was once a part of. Shameful!"
"Ability to work from home, exciting company mission, amazing products Large company hard to create lasting improvements Train middle managers to build their teams"
"No pros really. Just a good name on your resume. You are just a number and it is a low one. You basically work for CEO, who makes millions of dollars and with a Ph.D. degree, you live paycheck to paycheck. Lowest paying biotech company out there, they exploit desperate postdocs. "
"Different types of divisions, very interesting company.
Science Driven
People Driven
Great Attention to the trend of the medicine and science
Very Dynamic I do not find any cons in working at Thermo Fisher. "
"Work-life balance, organization, clearly view of company targets bad place to make career, no meritocracy, a lot of burocracy "
it is a good company there is no important cons none
"Good company, with important ethical aspects. Good revenue. Salary in line with the market parametres Low possibilities of career. A lot of burocracy because the company dimension and structure are very big "
"Very collaborative colleagues located all around the world (not in Italy). 
Top managers well skilled and proactive.
High attention to the results. Reach targets in time and in a completely successful way.
Travel a lot and in a short notice.
Necessity to upgrade knowledge. Take care about what happens in the italian plant, it's not good for the company integrity and mission.
In Italy the employee has a lower salary and a really bad work environment (not skilled colleagues, poor services and benefits)"
"Career opportunities, global way of thinking and possibility to improve professional skills Work globally and in team with colleagues all around the world "
"Great benefits.  Good company culture outside of Phoenix facility.  Make products that help people. This facility has huge issues with favoritism.  Promotions are based on friendships with leadership and perception rather than performance and contribution.  Many promotions/positions are filled without ever opening the job or considering multiple candidates.  Senior management is inflexible and not open to feedback, but quick to blame their subordinates for the negative outcomes of their own decisions.  There is no diversity in upper management and very little in middle management. There is no point in hiring smart, capable people if you refuse to allow them to contribute.  Trust your people."
Company culture is very good. Salaries and benefits are excellent. None that I can think of Reward and promote more
"Matching 401k at 6%, decent work life balance Low pay for tenured employees "
"Very positive environment, great people. Lots of organizational changes in a short amount of time. "
"Beautiful building, easy commute to home office, good friends Employees follow an unproven cookie cutter approach
No innovation or reward for creative thinking
Too many meetings with nothing accomplished 
Senior leaders don’t want to change or listen 
Very Low trust environment 
Employees act and stay out of fear You bought Celgene because we couldn’t grow on our own. Now you are taking Celgene products and fitting them to our mold which has been a losing proposition.  There is no innovation here. I thought we were going to change and think like a biotech.  Let’s go!"
"contributing to the health of patients bureaucracy, male dominated, well resourced "
Good Management Team. Reward for Hard Work There are really no downsides 
Not ready to answer yet Nnnnnnnot ready to answer yet 
"Science based, ethical, treat employees with respect, many opportunities for development Some turmoil with merger of Celgene, but still focused, positive environment . Expect to work hard "
Great people and work life balance Teams have a hard time making decisions 
"nice teams, supportive, collaborative,  matrix organization constant changes in leadership and operating model "
"The territory was small and manageable. Bad manager who was just a rude human being, odd counterparts, very bizarre company culture. Please retire and sell hotdogs at the park instead."
Collaborative outcomes focussed patient driven No investment in talent Put more emphasis on talent development
"Challenging , innovative, great people, facilities, location Silos, location, traffic, open work area, opportunities for advancement "
"vacation, great benefits, flexibility, visibility, growth low pay, management changes, travel benefits Increase base pay"
"Descent salary and benefits, challenging projects Hard to advance career, hard lateral movements "
BMS cares about its employees which is evidence of their People and Business Resources Groups and Diversity and Inclusion Program. The mission is focused on patients.  There are many development opportunities at BMS. None or I would have considered employment elsewhere. 
Fun place to work at None to comment on at moment Keep it up!
"Great company - good salaries and bonuses and stock options. Great people. (Only one group which is horrible there) Just don't work in the Digital Hub group which is full of clicks. And if you don't agree with everything, they black ball you and get rid of you. If you're not in their inner circle or if you didn't come from Pfizer like the initial team that started this group came from, most likely hard to fit in and they will make like miserable for you, This is happening right under your nose. HR has turned a blind eye to this one individual that had major complaints against him and for the life of me I don't understand how he is still employed there. Shame on you BMS for allowing this to continue. If he doesn't like you or you don't drink his lemonade, he makes life miserable for you until you leave or he can force you out."
"Lots of major projects going on, great place to get exposure into the biotech industry Lack of adequate guidance for co-ops at times "
Strong finance organization and good company culture Still a big pharma company with a lot of processes to work through 
Their culture is amazing. They care about the patients first.  Best in class. IC often neglects traditional top performers in favor of low performer growth. Improve IC plan for high market share territories.
Work flexibility and purpose. People come to work knowing they are saving lives. Changes in organization; layoffs. The layoffs in the marketing department was inevitable. The team had so much potential. n/a
"good people, atmosphere, good facilities human resources, competitive and sometimes to big for itself "
"Values, Culture, Diversity, Inclusion, Work-Life balance It could take time to coordinate with stakeholders around the world "
very high salaries and bonus structure a bit of infighting and lack of clarity 
"Great life-work balance.  Good vision from senior leadersip.  Good pay and benefits. Large company ""faster, better, stronger"" lip service without fucused actions to back it up.  Too much propaganda. Actions over words in the departments.  Less Directors (and above) and more ""doers""....lose the ""strategy and ops lead"" safety blanket approach, lead on your own."
"Great people, solid products, good work life balance Too many changes at the same time "
Great Company to work for. I feel there are no down sides. 
"Bristol-Myers is leading the curve on digital marketing.  True Bi-Pharma. Rewards are only for working long hours, not for good ideas. Reward good ideas, not just because someone worked until midnight.  Listen to your employees vs just rolling out ways of working. Promote contract employees."
Benefits and compensation are very good Upper Management needs to get a better understanding of the work being done at lower levels and resourcing needs to be addressed. 
"Engaging, promote professional development, encourage advancement There are no down sides. "
Great work life balance.  Small company feel with big company perks Not enough promotion within.  Not enough training offered 
"challenging, rewarding, opportunity for growth office politics, leadership may not always address issues "
"Opportunities to advance in career. Reorganizations and outsourcing as most  corporations do. Besides that, it's a great place to work "
Recent changes to the culture are going in the overall right direction. Still some lack of transparency despite efforts and talking points to change this. 
Cutting edge research. Great talent and commendable leadership in biology. Need to work on getting day care options. Continue with the great site head leadership.
"Development, people and compensation Slow decision making, lack of innovation and slow to change "
Great Location and good benefits Difficult culture to work in. High demand for work with not enough headcount. Increase headcount or slow down.
"Good benefits, good opportunity Tight timeline,  heavy work load "
senior leadership fully engage with global team and provide monthly 'fireside chats'. BMS IO takes risks and fully supports individual development Decision making was sometimes slow. 
"Good culture, work/life balance, pipeline Growth opportunities, comp package OK "
"Excellent work-life balance (most of the time, there is no expectation of more than 40 hours a week), flexibility in scheduling (people routinely come between 6 and 9am and leave 2 to 7pm), Friday afternoons off in summer, Xmas week off, generous maternity leave policy, above-average salary and benefits (bonuses, commuter benefits). Very family-friendly and there are many employees with babies and small children.  Employees as a whole are very personable and friendly. Pros certainly outweigh cons. Very hierarchical and set in traditions. The difference between PhDs and non-PhDs is strongly felt, likewise, chemistry vs. biology, immunology vs. cancer biology. Employees in RWC are intelligent and hard-working, but outside of this location, the company feels like a large, slow-moving, corporation with no sense of urgency (slow software, dead links, non-response to emails, a ""not my problem"" attitude). Support services (HR, purchasing, benefits...) have been outsourced or relocated to Puerto Rico/India/Phillipines and can be frustrating to deal with. Lose the hierarchy - longtime employees are doing the bare minimum because there is a sense that career development is limited. Cheers to the friendly culture and the focus on work-life balance!"
Very focused on personal/professional development of employee- opportunity to change roles within the company based on employees' career goals Relationship driven culture so it is a little difficult to establish yourself when you are new to the company 
"Work life balance, nice coworkers Promotions not fair (some frequent/don’t deserve while others hardly ever even though hardworking) translates to Favoritisms, Brown noses, and managers Equality for all groups, listen to associates"
Great company! Does most things right. The Politics Of Dancing. Bureaucratic. 
"Great environment 
Company focuses on employee happiness and satisfaction 
Amazing benefits (daycare onsite is a big plus!) Salary starts off a bit low if you're hired as a temp, but gets much better if you're hired full-time. "
"BMS at Redwood City does cutting edge innovative research. There are many opportunities to grow and take ownership in the direction of programs. The senior leadership value the employees and have made huge strides in improving the culture at the site. Recent additional perks include construction of a new cafeteria, salary adjustments, commuter benefits, and gym membership reimbursements. Bay area very high cost of living. Continue what you are doing."
"BMS Redwood City is focused on biologics development, from target discovery, protein design and production, to translational research. People have the opportunity to personally impact projects, with the goal of developing efficacious therapeutics. Engagement across groups is encouraged and rewarded.

There have been restructurings over the last few years of various groups, the overall effect has been increased throughput of protein production and lead discovery, leading to faster development of biologics. Projects have been pared to focus on fewer, but higher priority targets.

Within the last year, benefits have been improved for all employees. Working hours are relatively flexible as people live and commute from around the bay area. The Redwood City site has been continually invested in and improved. Many of the mid-level managers are relatively new to their roles, which can be positive or negative depending on where you are in your career.

Some people may be disproportionately affected by changes to organization and project prioritization.

Three separate R&amp;D sites across US make cross-site collaboration difficult. Continue to engage with employees at the site, listen to feedback and be mindful of impact of decisions from scientific and personal perspectives. Push for more cross-group interaction. Ensure that people feel valued for their work, both mental and physical."
Good learning and development opportunities Politics between function group affects efficiency 
CEO is very effective and gets things done. One of the most inspiring people in the pharma world. Work culture is a big issue Improve work culture
"good work life balance
high aptitude for science long term growth is competitive
layoffs are common "
"I cannot think of a pro High turn over
Over-work if you have a talent
Favouritism
Many inexperienced people Stop hiring and promoting people with no experience"
"Innovative and exciting to be in an environment with the goal of saving  and extending life, focus on who we are working for :  the patient Moving to other positions or moving to higher level position can be a challenge "
"good pay and good benefits poor management, poor communication between functional areas "
"Good location, building and interesting work. Bad culture, pay, benefits could be more competitive "
"Excellent work environment, good work-life balance Limited possibilities of growth, limited salary growth Be more collaborative with your team"
"Great people, great science, location is unbeatable Low salaries compared to competition in pharma Management could share more info on global strategy"
"Good analog design engineering team - Internal politics
- Few growth opportunities "
Safety concerns are taken care of immediately Pay is very less; ergonomics are extremely bad. Make sure that you pay your employees well if you want them to stay for a long term
"High Margin, Stable Income, bonus Long work hours, high pressure "
"Still u could learn anal ok g and piwer All sr, engineers  with talent left the company Keep ur d talented engineers and get rid of all managing directors they r not needed"
"Work stress is relatively less Horrible management ( especially  Audio group, hated my time there)
Career stagnation 
Products are a bit boring ( yes! boring) Please hire good directors and business managers"
They hire new graduates. They provide relocation as needed No systematic training for what you do. You learn pieces through doing your work. Manager's care about getting things done rather than employees career/skill development. Base salary is not that great Help employee grow together with the company they work for
"Family like environment, caring people, having fun while working hard Need to manage work life balance "
Good managers and team to work with. Lower paid then what the market has to offer 
"Lot of job opening. Lot of legacy’s products. At sale mode, no future development roadmap, many projects were canceled. "
"Good technology, lot of trainings, possibility to change position across the company Crowded, minimal possibility to grow your carrier, technical leadership worsening time over time, too much management Recognize individual achievements, do not trust middle management blindly, reduce hierarchy levels"
"Fair evaluation, straight talking, nice group Balance work - life, technology not always on the edge More training courses"
"Many events to learn - trainings and lectures from Stanford and Berkeley - but only if you work in US (unless you want to take at mix night). Most talented people left the company after Jack Gifford retired. Technical competence is now below average.
Very poor salary increase and recignition of personal achievements. Need to improve communication - too often communication and action have been exactly the opposite.
Need to re-create a personal recognition policy as it was few usare ago."
Maxim gives me many responsibilities starting by the first day. I work in a dislocated office. 
"Good, nice benefits, breaks were ok It was ok, but could use work in management "
Stability and security of a large company. Often hand tied by being such a large company. 
"Good Place to Work, Excellent Benefits. Lack of Career Development Programs "
Good company to work for. A lot of unexperienced  employee. 
"Very good work/life benefits package. Toxic and clueless management, only focused on their bottom line and their bonuses. "
"Work/life balance
Culture
Opportunities for growth None at all. Keep it up "
"Great opportunity for your job growth.  They  take into account their internal resources to promote them, before hiring someone external. Salaries are below the rate, compared to other companies according to the work Improve compensation, so that your resources want to remain in your manufacturing plants and do not have to move to find a better salary"
Treats employees fairly and with respect and compensates well. I haven't experienced any negatives at Medtronic 
Pay and work life balance Time lines immpossible to meet 
"Stable company with great products occasional layoffs, excessive red tape "
"Great mission
You are helping to save and improve people´s live directly
Good benefits Sometimes can be difficult to advance in your career
Extremely regulated industry, change anything requires a lot of effort and time. "
"great products, new product pipeline work/life balance was off. lots of travel. more days off"
"Good products, highly respected and known in the industry. Need better leadership. Very old fashioned medical sales thinking. Need personality assessment performed to ensure there are great leaders in upper management positions."
Benefits technology culture resources work life balance Hired a bunch of leadership from  GE that ruined division Executive leadership has too many incentives to run business selflessly
Relatively good pay from most management levels Total lack of vision as a whole Take more risks to foster innovation
"It's exciting to work in an international environment. Medtronic gives the opportunity to grow, to learn everyday something new, to make the difference, to propose your ideas. Sometimes could be very hard, when you work for something very hard, but as for  business decisions, the project where you was working goes on hold or is canceled. "
"ethics, work environment, products, CEO Not easy to move from one dept to another Grow your team members"
"Biggest company in this industry. Many change even not always positive. Apparently there are a lot of opportunities and project but vision of management not clear I had a target on my territory but during the year all the agents were fired and I didn't received any revision of the target. No investment on resources, no courses, I propose some interesting project but nobody listen. Management interested only in make their career than growth their report and costumer needs. My boss treats my worst when I told him I was discriminate. Motivation, education, opportunity to high potential people"
"Compassionate mission, long market vision, the company always pay attention to improve technical knowledge, personal development and to spread positive messages. Medtronic is walking through a long and difficult merge with Covidien. This pathway will make Medtronic one of the most important company in the world and definitely the healthcare market leader but, in the while, all the internal procedures are changing and often those processes make some issues. The daily employee's challenge is: don't be afraid and find the way to fix the problem! "
A very instructive journey . I enjoyed everyday of my staying at Medtronic. Dynamic and young environment The only cons was the canteen. Always the same dishes. 
"It is a very big company with a large product portfolio.
Basically it is the leading medical company in the world. Salary tend to be kower than in other companies.
Covidien + Medtronic fusion will be a difficult situation in the next months. "
Medtronic is a Large global medical device comany with diversification and therefore much opportunity. Willingness to relocate helps with advancement potential. As with most large corporations there are many layers of management and for the rank and file decision-making rationale is not always clear nor is it explained. The best advice for any management team is too listen to employees and to communicate clearly and often to engender a 'team' mentality.
outstandig opportunity for growing experience very interesting  opportuuty for young manager 
"Corporate Headquarters located outside of NYC Work you like a dog Treat your employees better.  You say you do, but you don't"
"Weekends off and 8-5 shift. Hostile environment, Horrible manager, and a lot of stress. Treat everyone as you would want to be treated. 
Begin by respecting your employees."
The funding team is overworked but at least they all enjoy working with each other. A good place to start a corporate career. It's easy to understand the corporate structure and political game. Metrics and goals are so heavily focused on an individual basis. There is no team building. It's every person for himself. The funding department operates like a boiler room without much regard for the talented workers they employ. Turnover is high Promote employees on merit. Do not dangle a carrot in front of your subordinates with the promise of promotion just to find that the goal posts are continuously pushed. Too many absurdities are expected in not enough time while holding too much weight on the employee's overall standing.  Work on eliminating your burnout and turnover
They have an easy work environment There was no room for growth 
"Flexible work/life balance, smart people Little growth opportunity but company is changing "
The continued growth of the company offers alot of growth potential. The current CEO has done alot to improve employee moral across the company. Salary increases are not based on performance. 
Great hours professional people to work around. Yearly raises or pennies on dollar basically obsolete None
"Great people, benefits are some of the best I've found. a little bit old school sales style Keep on Keepin on"
"Great benefits and raises and bonuses. Relaxed environment Depends on the team you are on, the higher ups were so great Try to treat everyone equally"
Overtime is available and you are like forced to do Overtime. Very Much politics in the environment No clear career ladder for employees
Good Work for freshers and experienced People Nothing as of now.Everything is good. 
"Employee first, Salary, Policies, worklife balance Nothing noticed ao far, happy for now "
"1) Employess will be treated with Respect
2)Our Thoughts and Ideas will be listened and shall take forward wherever possible
3)Have Free Culture and that made us self disciplined and accountable for work
4) Open door policy. Right from IT Director to Respective Department Leaders. Very approachable and coach budding professionals in a right way
5)Appreciations and Reorganizations
6)Policy is Bi Directional. Not only company will blossom, but also employees. 
7)MICRON Values truly abides by each and every individual
8)Comfortable and Beautiful Work Space
9)They care for the Society (CSR) and make us part as well as Volunteers
10)Stability and Mentally Peace with an absolute Work Life Balance May be too touche, but to be frank, I haven't seen any Cons at Organization level Please continue all that you are doing and Thank You for all the you are. 
Go Micron"
"Really good office environment 
Awesome office space 
Good benefits 
Great management and work culture No cons that I have come across personally "
"Great place to work. 
Leadership has high commitment to values and ethics.
The commitment to society is pretty high Technology landscape isn't latest and greatest, but serves the need "
Strong position in the market Low loyalty as per neoliberalism driven companies 
All is good at micron I don’t have any at micron Don’t have any
Working with latest type of technologies Extended hours in the cleanroom 
"Good gym, good salary Long hours, shift work, ot Need to hire more techs"
Interesting technology. Great benefits. Smart engineers. Not many software opportunities with in company. 
"compensation, benefits, points, bonus, incentive, stock award layoff after my compensation reward "
"The working hours and work environment are great, as well as the compensation.
There are great career opportunities to take and expertise. Micron is one of the most important semiconductor company, but surprisingly naive in its approach to parts of its organization that do not develop the semiconductor technology.  E.g., if you are a software developer, you won't have as much opportunities nor recognition for your work and, somehow, it will be your fault. Every part of an organization is a  gear in a gigantic organism.  It does not make sense to neglect one of them because it will impact the whole system."
"motivating and dynamic environment. Multicultural environment too dynamic, so high possibility to change the project ."
"The company is riding an unprecedented upturn in the memory business. Good career growth opportunities for those able to take them. The US management exploits employees to the bone, just to get rid of them when projects or activities are completed. This turns out in a constant state of uncertainty, leaving people to ask theirselves who will be hit in  the next round of lay offs and redundancies.
Management style is leadership by proximity. Bullying behaviour on non-US employees is perpetrated by middle and low management, with the tacit consent of the higher hierarchy. Stop with the Boise-centric management attitude and work to develop the sites outside of the US and Singapore poles."
"Dynamism, opportunity, learning, business and process visibility not reward-able, not liable, no more company people but finance and business company only "
"Dinamic, good compensation and possibility of growth. Work with people from SIngapore or USA is a problem in terms of different time. "
"Expertized and talented colleagues. Handsome working environment. Good relationship with low/middle hierarchy managers.  Top management very skilled on getting money from incorporated companies, good abilty in surviving and be profitable in the mercyless market of  memories. Unexplained, unbelievable, shocking etc... company behaviour of  Micron Semiconductors Italy, due to the recent 40% workforce sack and the precedent contiuous transfer  of strategical job out of  Italy. This is due to all but italians job quality and results or high salary level. Look more tomorrow industrial solidity than today's tricks to ride the tiger in the financial arena..."
"Handsome work environment, highly expertized and skilled colleagues. Good relationship with ground/middle-level management. Very skilled top management in the financial side. Potentially able to survive and consolidate the company in the mercyless market of memories 'till setting up a true monopoly with the former competitors, unless the industrial policy will result too short-sighted and unsustainable, impacting the financial health too. ""Segregationist"" management of italian human and industial resources.  Despite good values found at Numonyx acquisition and good job done after it, Micron is showing to abandon Italy, re-localize activities abroad and abnormally shrink the local workforce (respect the declared 5% worldwide ""excess""). Other Con's of working in Micron Italy: worker salary/treatment, work load are average worse than in US or other countries. Less ""butchery"" in the worker management, better evaluation of what is done or could be done in Micron Itlay"
"clear and challenging tasks. Working into semiconductor fields is what i was looking for. Employee are considered like goods. Buy them, sell them, trade them Management should drive towards an industrial economy and not into a financialized economy."
"Micron is a multinational very solid and well structured, where it is possible to do with my job satisfaction Is being restructured scellerata.Ha asked to cut people and activities that are essential for other activities on which he believes. I think it's appropriate to have a clear communication even when the choices to be made are difficult to communicate in order to help employees to accept such drastic decisions."
The company has a good salary policy. Interesting colleagues and challenging project. Micron is growing fast only with merge and acquisition. Too many acquisition in the past years caused and insatble work enviroment. 
"Huge Company, worldwide experiences, good benefits, very good salary American management doesnt fit european approach to job "
"A lot of changes, always adapting to new challenges Not really, but you need to be ready.. Maybe some more time between changes would be better Share more, listen more"
"Good market position in a oligopoly Horrible management, very prone to bullism, making you work on useless tasks always in an answering to chaos mode instead of focusing on the important long-term tasks, without any real career nor learning opportunities (outside of Boise). Buys foreign companies for the cheap, then rips off all the assets/patents/ideas and then shuts them down leaving local communities in a mess, without any regards to local talent, local practices, local laws Don't have so many management layers, start behaving ethically and correctly, stop management bullism"
Good possibilities to increase ms with elpida Too many acquisition in few years Good luck
"International and very flexible workplace. limited career opportunity, impossibile to grow or be recognized at proper level change HR/Compensation strategy"
Job opportunity and business culture The italian management comes from STM culture 
"Good balance between work and personal life.
Pretty strightforward company. Company too much focused on cost control.
Poor middle management level. Review all job grades compared to actual job description responsabilities. More severe job performance evaluation."